Joe biden rules out 2020 bid: 'guys, i'm not running'
Watch: darvish gave hitter whiplash with slow pitch
What do you call a turtle without its shell? dead.
What is a pokemon master's favorite kind of pasta? wartortellini!
Why do native americans hate it when it rains in april? because it brings mayflowers.
Obama's climate change legacy is impressive, imperfect and vulnerable
My family tree is a cactus, we're all pricks.
Donald trump has found something mysterious for rudy giuliani to do
How donald trump and ted cruz's love affair is all relationships
Want to know why athletes chose to #takeaknee? look at our broken justice system
How are music and candy similar? we throw away the rappers.
Famous couples who help each other stay healthy and fit
Study finds strong link between zika and guillain-barre syndrome
Alec baldwin and wife hilaria welcome another baby boy
Trump says iran is complying with nuclear deal, but remains a dangerous threat
Kim kardashian baby name: reality star discusses the 'k' name possibility (video)
I just ended a 5 year relationship i'm fine, it wasn't my relationship :p
Here's what the oscar nominations should look like
Dating tip: surprise your date! show up a day early.
Reflections from davos: leaders deliberate what's next for climate action after paris deal
What do you call an explanation of an asian cooking show? a wok-through.
Swimming toward a brighter future: how i was introduced to the world of autism
Why did little miss muffet have gps on her tuffet? to keep her from losing her whey.
The pixelated 'simpsons' should be a real couch gag
All pants are breakaway pants if you're angry enough
Watch: former british open champ makes embarrassing putting fail
Chrissy teigen's 2015 grammy dress is skintight and perfect
Ugh, i just spilled red wine all over the inside of my tummy.
The next iphone update will help you save lives
Celebrating the fourth of july with airport profiling
The big bend, a u-shaped skyscraper, could become the longest in the world
Oscars 2016 red carpet: all the stunning looks from the academy awards
Why do jews have big noses? because the air is free
Interesting fact: by the year 2020 all actors on american tv shows will be australian.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but i know i won't get a reaction
Arkansas approves law to let people carry guns in bars and at public colleges
On set with paul mitchell: from our network
Did you know diarrhea is genetic? it runs in your jeans
My sons ebola joke what do africans have for breakfast? ebola cereal :) (be kind,he's only 14 lol)
What was the sci-fi remake of a streetcar named desire? interstelllllllaaaaaaar
What do you call a clan of barbarians you cant see? invisigoths
How do you know if someone is using recursion?
Why shouldn't you change around a pokemon? because he might peek at chu.
Stolen moment of the week: andy ofiesh and kaytlin bailey at the creek and the cave
Obama welcomes pope francis to the white house
What do chicken families do on saturday afternoon? they go on peck-nics !
Hiring a cleaning company: a how-to for everyone who wants to go green
Explore america’s stunning marine sanctuaries without getting wet
Do you show up in life in all your amazing glory?
What does jcpenny and teenagers have in common? pants 50% off
Has a conversation in my head - cackles with mirth
Valentine's dinner stress: 4 things not to worry about
Broadway stars join forces to fight north carolina's anti-lgbt law
I'm really sick of making my dog a birthday cake every 52 days.
Knock knock who's there ? cotton ! cotton who ? cotton a trap !
Safer driving at the flick of a switch
Trump refuses to blame himself for gop 'not getting the job done'
What do you call a black guy whose hitch-hiking? stranded!
Lebron james doesn't totally deny the possibility of starring in 'space jam 2'
Why do they say all minorities look the same? because once you've seen juan, you've seen jamaul.
Eve ensler wants to topple the patriarchy with 'revolutionary love'
Yo momma so ugly .. her portraits hang themselves
Kanye west is opening 21 pablo pop-up shops this weekend
How to turn leftover champagne into fancy vinegar
Mesmerizing time-lapse video shows dad making amazing disney bedroom
Wife: you forgot to run the dishwasher again, didn't you? me:  no, why?
Resume design: eye-tracking study finds job seekers have six seconds to make an impression (video)
My friend is dealing with a really severe viagra addiction. he's having a hard time with it.
Phil collins cancels comeback shows after being rushed to hospital
I nicknamed my girlfriend melody because its loudest and always on top
121 members of congress call for end of restrictions on gun violence research
How's my life? let's just say i'm starting a lot of sentences with let's just say.
Be who you are, no matter what anyone else thinks
Just imagine how good prescription cheese would be.
Crazy ex girlfriends are like a box of chocolates they will kill your dog
The deeper reason trump's taco tweet is offensive
Britney spears is just a regular mom who loves embarrassing her kids
Did you hear about the flying german pancakes in ww2? they were in the luftwaffle!
Kellyanne conway is wearing a $3,600 coat studded with (ahem) cats
Steelers coach incensed by headset situation at gillette stadium
The flame of beauty: reflections on a poet's journey
If there's two things i've learned in life it's that i'm awful at counting.
Canadian army training is 6 weeks of learning how to throw a snowball.
What's black and always in the back of a police car? the seat.
Ole miss removes mississippi flag with confederate emblem
Cake fix: what to do when it sticks to the pan
Melania trump's davos cancellation a 'subliminal message' to donald: historian
Why does the ocean have water? because the sky is *blue*
Carol field, grandmother, pleads guilty to setting 18 fires across maine
9 news reporters having laughing fits on live tv (video)
Katy perry wears american flag outfit for kids' inaugural concert (photos)
I get sad around the holidays because they always remind me of how much weight i'll be gaining.
Starting a cover band called a book so no one can judge us.
Veterinarian accused of shooting neighbors' dog in the head
Christina aguilera's alleged new house comes with famous neighbors (photos)
I met a horse who keeps talking about the apocalypse. he told me the end is neigh.
As a student the most comforting words you'll ever hear are  i haven't started either
The killer cookie-selling tactics of history's most brilliant girl scouts
If you watch cinderella backwards its about a woman getting put in her place.
If you love something set it free,unless it's a lion. don't do that.
Here's how unfair the tax system is in each state
Which street in france do reindeer live on? rue dolph
Is a death sentence really a death sentence?
6 beauty quick fixes for when spring allergies attack
Why do time machines make you happy? they're an anti de-present.
Trump's new military plan will cost $150 billion -- at the very least
What is white, 12 inches long, and not a fluorescent light bulb? nothing.
What's the real reason why sjws hate guns? they don't come with trigger warnings.
Q: why was the chessmaster interested in foreign women? a: he wanted a czech mate.
Why did olly call the manager for help, outside the store? for the watch..
How did jamie find cersei in the long grass? satisfying.
How to build muscle: proven strength lessons from milo of croton
What do farmers say when something is important to them? it plays a big tractor.
7 ways to make your home happier and more relaxing in the new year
Gop rep. invited a far-right troll to trump's state of the union
Jillian michaels talks to jay leno about motherhood (video)
What do sexy farmers say all day? brown-chicken-brown-cow! and then they swagger a bit.
How does stephen hawking refresh after a long day? f5
Tori spelling and dean mcdermott welcome fifth child together
Why tuna's both cheap and expensive, plentiful and very endangered
What did simba say to his dad when he was moving too slow? mufasa!
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? elephino...
Lawyer seeks release of teen accused of killing her allegedly abusive dad
April fools day 2012: 9 epic food pranks (videos)
Young girl's thick back hair was sign of spine problems (photo)
What is executive dysfunction and could your kid have it?
A step-by-step guide on how to parallel park! 1) park somewhere else.
How do you confuse hellen keller? give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
Donald trump says much needs to be 'investigated' in climate science
17 years later, 'monty python' writer finally wraps 'don quixote' filming
Texas is poised to elect its first latina congresswoman
The water from a drinking fountain tastes like pennies and mumps.
I heard they wanted to do an asian version of drive but there's already a movie called crash.