Acnesol Gel is an antibiotic that fights bacteria. It is used to treat acne, which appears as spots or pimples on your face, chest or back. This medicine works by attacking the bacteria that cause these pimples.Acnesol Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of the medicine. It should not be applied to broken or damaged skin. Avoid any contact with your eyes, nose, or mouth. Rinse it off with water if you accidentally get it in these areas. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. Do not stop using it as soon as your acne starts to get better. Ask your doctor when you should stop treatment.Common side effects like minor itching, burning, or redness of the skin and oily skin may be seen in some people. These are usually temporary and resolve on their own. Consult your doctor if they bother you or do not go away.It is a safe medicine, but you should inform your doctor if you have any problems with your bowels (intestines). Also, inform the doctor if you have ever had bloody diarrhea caused by taking antibiotics or if you are using any other medicines to treat skin conditions. Consult your doctor about using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Ambrodil Syrup is used for treating various respiratory tract disorders associated with excessive mucus. It works by thinning and loosens mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs and make it easier to cough out.Ambrodil Syrup should be taken with food. For better results, it is suggested to take it at the same time every day.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  It is advised not to use it for more than 14 days without doctor consultation.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and stomach upset. Talk to your doctor if you are worried about side effects or they would not go away. Generally, it is advised not to take alcohol while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have liver or kidney disease or if you have stomach problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. You must take doctor's advice before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Azithral 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azithral 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Alkasol Oral Solution is a medicine used in the treatment of gout and kidney stones. It stops the production of uric acid in the body and reduces the episodes of gout attack and prevent kidney stones.Alkasol Oral Solution can be taken with or without food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. Take it regularly and do not stop taking the medicine even if you get better until that doctor tell you it is alright to stop.The most common side effect of this medicine is stomach pain. It may also cause diarrhea, excessive production of urine, tiredness, etc. If any of these side effects does not resolve with time or get worsen, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help with ways to reduce or prevent these symptoms by reducing the dose or prescribing an alternative medicine.To make sure the medicine is safe for you, before taking this medicine, let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. Also tell your doctor if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, or liver. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, consult your doctor first before taking this medicine.
Allegra 120mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions such as eczema, hives and reactions to bites and stings. It also relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Allegra 120mg Tablet should be taken on an empty stomach. The dose may vary depending on what you are taking it for. Take it as prescribed by your doctor. You may need this medicine only on days you have the symptoms, or you may need to take it every day to prevent the symptoms from happening. If you stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include headache, drowsiness, dizziness, and nausea. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you.Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys or with your heart as antihistamines can cause your heart to beat faster. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy.
Ascoril LS Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ascoril LS Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Aciloc 150 Tablet is a medicine that reduces the amount of excess acid make by your stomach. It is used to treat and prevent heartburn, indigestion and other symptoms caused by too much acid in the stomach. It is also used to treat and prevent stomach ulcers, reflux disease and some other rare conditions.Aciloc 150 Tablet is also commonly prescribed to prevent stomach ulcers and heartburn caused by the use of painkillers. It can be taken with or without food. How much you need, and how often you take it will depend on what you are being treated for. Follow the advice of your doctor while taking this medicine. This medicine should relieve indigestion and heartburn within a few hours. You may only need to take it for a short time when you have symptoms. If you are taking it to prevent ulcers and other conditions you may need to take it for longer. You should keep taking it regularly to prevent problems from happening in the future. You may be able to help improve your symptoms by eating smaller meals more often and avoiding spicy or fatty foods.Most people do not experience any side effects while taking this medicine. However, the most common side effects include headache, constipation, feeling drowsy or tired, and diarrhea. These side effects are usually mild and will go away when you stop taking this medicine or as you adjust to it. Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, inform your doctor if you have any kidney or liver problems. Also tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is usually considered safe to take during pregnancy and breastfeeding if it has been prescribed by a doctor. Avoid drinking alcohol as this can increase the amount of acid in your stomach and make your symptoms worse.
Avil 25 Tablet is an antiallergic medication used in the treatment of various allergic conditions. It provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, congestion, itching and watery eyes.Avil 25 Tablet should be taken with food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.Sleepiness is the most common side effect of this medicine. Avoid driving or attention-seeking activity. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. In some cases, it may cause dryness of mouth, so it is advised to drink more water, always carry sugar candy or maintain oral hygiene.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have glaucoma or have asthma issues or have high blood pressure. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Azee 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azee 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Aciloc RD 20 Tablet is a prescription medicine used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux) and peptic ulcer disease by relieving the symptoms such as heartburn, stomach pain, or irritation. It also neutralizes the acid in the stomach and promotes easy passage of gas to reduce stomach discomfort.Aciloc RD 20 Tablet is taken without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.Most common side effects are diarrhea, stomach pain, dryness in mouth, headache, and flatulence. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any side effects. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your dizziness. Lifestyle modifications like having cold milk and avoiding hot tea, coffee, spicy food or chocolate can help you to get better results.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Arcolane 2% Scalp Solution belongs to a group of medicines called antifungals. It is used to treat fungal infections of the skin. It works by killing the fungus that causes infections such as athlete’s foot, thrush and ringworm.Arcolane 2% Scalp Solution should be used in the dose and duration as prescribed by your doctor. This medicine should be used regularly to get the maximum benefit from it. Do not use more than you need, it will not clear your condition faster and may only increase the side effects. Skin infections will usually get better after 2 to 4 weeks. Do not use the medicine for longer than your doctor has told you to and let him or her know if your condition does not improve after 2 to 4 weeks of treatment. If you have Athlete’s foot, wash your socks or tights thoroughly and change your shoes daily if possible.The most common side effects of using this medicine include a burning sensation and irritation, dryness, peeling, or blistering of the skin. Occasionally it can cause thinning of your hair. These are not usually serious, but you should call your doctor if you think you might have a severe allergic reaction. Signs of this include rash, swelling of the lips, throat or face, swallowing, or breathing problems. Get emergency help if this happens. Avoid direct contact with your eyes. In the case of direct contact, wash your eyes with water and seek immediate medical attention.It is not likely that other medicines you take by mouth or injection will affect the way this medicine works, but talk to your doctor before using it if you have recently used another medicine that contains a steroid or had an allergic reaction to another antifungal medicine. For pregnant or breastfeeding women, this cream should only be used if it is clearly needed.
Atarax 25mg Tablet is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms of skin allergy like itching, swelling, and rashes. It is also used to treat anxiety and helps to get relaxed before or after surgery.Atarax 25mg Tablet should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.The most common side effects of this medicine include sedation, nausea, vomiting, stomach upset and constipation.  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. You must avoid driving or attention-seeking activity while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have heart problems or have high blood pressure, have liver or kidney problems. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Altraday Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Altraday Capsule SR can be taken with or without food. The dose will depend on what you are taking it for and how well it helps your symptoms. You should take it as advised by your doctor. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by the doctor.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, flatulence, indigestion, diarrhea, and constipation. If any of these side effects bother you or get worse, you should speak to your doctor. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing the side effects.Before taking it, you should let your doctor know if you have a history of ulcer or bleeding in your stomach, high blood pressure, or have any trouble with your heart, kidneys, or liver. Let your doctor also know about all the other medicines you are taking because they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before starting treatment. You should also avoid drinking alcohol while you are taking this medicine, as alcohol can cause excessive drowsiness.
Anovate Cream is a combination medicine used for the treatment of piles (hemorrhoids). It relieves the pain, swelling, itching and discomfort associated with passing of stools in people who suffer this problem in the anal area.Anovate Cream must be used as per doctor's prescription. It is for external use only. Before using the medicine check the label for directions of use and apply gently on the clean and dry affected area. You should always wash your hands after applying it. Avoid getting it into your eyes or mouth. If accidental exposure occurs, rinse thoroughly with water.There are no major side effects associated with this medicine but can cause application site burning or irritation. Do not use this medicine if you are allergic to it.
Ambrodil-S Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs making it easier to cough out. It also relaxes the muscles in your airway. Together, they make breathing easier.Ambrodil-S Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are headache, palpitations, stomach upset, tremor, muscle cramp, and Increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. Keep it out of reach of children. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any liver or kidney diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before taking this medicine.
Allegra-M Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness.Allegra-M Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, skin rash, flu-like symptoms, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before you start taking this medicine it is important to inform your doctor if you are suffering from liver or kidney disease. You should also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Arkamin Tablet is a medicine used in the treatment of hypertension (high blood pressure). It lowers the blood pressure by relaxing the blood vessels. Lowering the blood pressure helps to prevent future stroke and heart attack.Arkamin Tablet is also used to prevent migraine and hot flushes in women during menopause. This medicine can be taken with or without food but it is better to take it at the same time every day. You should always take this medicine as advised by the doctor and should never stop it without consulting the doctor. Most people with high blood pressure do not feel ill, but if you stop taking this medicine, your condition could get worse. This may lead to your blood pressure rising up again and increase your risk of heart disease and stroke. You should monitor your blood pressure regularly while taking this medicine.Common side effects of this medicine include dizziness, headache, nausea, fatigue, dry mouth, and constipation. Consult your doctor if these side effects bother you.Before taking this medicine, it is better to let your doctor know if you are suffering from any kidney or liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should consult a doctor before taking it.
Axcer  90mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelets or blood thinners. It reduces the formation of harmful blood clots in blood vessels. This helps to prevent a heart attack or stroke in people with heart disease.Axcer  90mg Tablet is also used to treat people with a recent heart attack or severe heart-related chest pain (unstable angina), who have undergone stenting of the heart. It helps to prevent serious heart-related problems like having another heart attack, stroke, or formation of blood clots in stents in such people.Your doctor will also prescribe aspirin, another antiplatelet medicine, along with this medicine. Axcer  90mg Tablet may be taken with or without food and should be taken regularly at the same time each day. It is important to keep taking it even if you feel well. If you stop taking this medicine, it may increase your chances of having another heart attack or stroke.The most common side effect seen with this medicine is bleeding. If you cut or injure yourself, it may take longer than usual for the bleeding to stop. Such episodes of bleeding are usually mild and resolve on their own. Some people may develop mild breathlessness after taking this medicine, however, this usually resolves on its own with continued treatment. Let your doctor know if bleeding persists or if the breathlessness worsens or does not go away.Axcer  90mg Tablet is not suitable for some people. Do not take it if you are bleeding from anywhere in the body such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain, or if you have severe liver problems.
Androanagen Solution is used to treat hair loss. It works by increasing blood flow to the hair follicles which further prevents hair loss and stimulates re-growth resulting in longer, thicker and increased numbers of hair.Androanagen Solution should only be applied directly to the scalp area in the amount, and in the way, specified on the label or by your doctor. Clean and dry your scalp before using it. It may take several months before you notice any hair growth and the first growth may be soft, colorless and barely visible. Using more than recommended will not speed up hair growth and may cause dangerous side effects. This medication must be used continuously to maintain hair growth. If your condition does not improve or worsens after using it for 4 to 6 months, tell your doctor.It is generally safe and suitable for most people but has some potential side effects. The most common are headache, itching or irritation of the scalp.  This should not happen if you use it correctly and avoid contact with broken skin. If you get it in your eyes, mouth or broken skin, rinse thoroughly with plenty of water. Talk to your doctor if you are bothered by side effects, or they do not go away.It should not be used by pregnant women. Consult your doctor if you are breastfeeding mother. It may not be appropriate if your hair loss is due to medications (such as chemotherapy) or any nutritional deficiency. You should also not use this medicine if you have high blood pressure or are using other creams or lotions to treat other scalp conditions.
Acnestar Gel is a combination medicine that is used to treats acne. It minimizes excessive oil production, thus reduces inflammation. It also prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause acne. This also helps to prevent pimples, blackheads, and whiteheads on the skin.Acnestar Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. A thin layer of the medicine should be applied only to the affected areas of the skin with clean and dry hands. Wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. If it gets into your eyes, nose, mouth, or vagina rinse with water. It may take several days to weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. The course of the treatment should be completed to ensure better efficacy of the medicine. If your condition does not improve or gets worse, you should talk to your doctor.This is usually a safe medicine, however, it may cause dryness, peeling, redness, and burning sensation at the application site. These side effects are usually mild and self-limiting. Most of these side effects can be prevented by using a skin moisturizer and drinking plenty of water. Serious side effects are rare. You must consult the doctor if you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.).Before using this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines for the same disease or other diseases. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should use this medicine with proper consultation and caution. If you are a known allergic to the medicine, you must refrain from using this medicine and consult your doctor. During the course of the treatment, do not touch, prick or scratch the infected skin areas as this may worsen or spread the acne. Avoid unnecessary sun exposure and use a sunscreen before stepping out in the sun. It is also advised, not to receive any cosmetic procedures without asking your doctor.
Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Allegra 180mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions such as eczema, hives, and reactions to bites and stings. It relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Allegra 180mg Tablet should be taken empty stomach. The dose may vary depending on what you are taking it for. Take it as it has been prescribed by your doctor. You may need this medicine only on days you have symptoms, or you may need to take it every day to prevent symptoms from happening. If you stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include headache, drowsiness, dizziness, and nausea. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you.Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys or with your heart as antihistamines can cause your heart to beat faster. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy.
Amlokind-AT Tablet is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). This is a combination of two medicines that controls blood pressure when a single medication is not effective. It helps to lower high blood pressure and thus reduces the chances of future heart attack and stroke.You can take Amlokind-AT Tablet at any time of day, on empty stomach, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. Keep taking it for as long as advised by your doctor. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping active with regular exercise, reducing your weight and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.It may cause side effects like headache, ankle swelling, slow heart rate, and nausea. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. This might raise the level of potassium in the blood, hence avoid potassium rich food or supplements. You may be asked for regular monitoring of blood pressure, kidney function, and electrolytes level while on the treatment.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions.
Ativan 2mg Tablet is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety disorders such as generalized anxiety disorder (excessive worry or restlessness), obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), panic attacks and social phobias. It is also used for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety.Ativan 2mg Tablet relieves symptoms of anxiety such as nervousness, rapid breathing, increased heart rate, excessive sweating, trembling, weakness or lack of concentration. It may be taken with or without food. However, take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming.If you have missed any doses, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. You should not stop this medication without talking to your doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.Some common side effects of this medicine include weakness, sedation and balance disorder (loss of balance). It may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Talk to your doctor about potential side effects and ways you might prevent or cope with them. You may also get side effects after stopping the treatment.Before taking the medicine you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or breastfeeding. Taking it along with alcohol affects the way it works and can increase the chance of side effects. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time then regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
Atarax 10mg Tablet is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms of skin allergy like itching, swelling, and rashes. It is also used to treat anxiety and helps to get relaxed before or after surgery.Atarax 10mg Tablet should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.The most common side effects of this medicine include sedation, nausea, vomiting, stomach upset and constipation.  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. You must avoid driving or attention-seeking activity while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have heart problems or have high blood pressure, have liver or kidney problems. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Aptimust Syrup is a combination medicine used to treat loss of appetite. It is an effective appetite stimulant. It works by reducing the effect of a chemical messenger which regulates appetite.Aptimust Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are constipation, dryness in mouth, and blurred vision. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It can cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor.
Alex Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Alex Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Akt 4 Kit is a combination medicine used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause the infection.Akt 4 Kit is a prescription medicine and it is to be taken it as suggested by the doctor. It should be taken in an empty stomach and take it at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine. The medicine may take some to show its effects on the symptoms. However, it is advised to consult the doctor if you feel an aggravation of the condition or if your condition does not improve.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, fever, dark-colored urine, sweating, increased saliva, etc. To cope up with the side effects, you should drink plenty of water. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. Generally, serious side effects are rare. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Patients with liver and kidney ailments must take this medicine with proper consultation and caution. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with the doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. During the treatment, you must take adequate rest and eat a healthy diet for a faster recovery. While on the medication, your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
Alprax 0.25 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as benzodiazepines. It is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety. It alters brain activity, calms it and provides relief from panic attacks by relaxing the nerves.Alprax 0.25 Tablet may be taken with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming. If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.The most common side effect of this medicine is lightheadedness. It may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you.It may also cause weight gain or weight loss as it can vary from person to person. To prevent weight gain you can eat a healthy balanced diet, avoid snacking with high calorie foods, and exercise regularly. Weight loss can be managed by increasing food portions and consulting a dietitian. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time than regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
A-Ret 0.1% Gel is a form of vitamin A that is used to treat acne which appears as spots or pimples on your face, chest or back. It also helps to smooth rough facial skin and to reduce fine wrinkles on the skin.A-Ret 0.1% Gel reduces excessive oil production of the skin. Ideally, a pinpoint application at nighttime is recommended for the duration prescribed by your doctor. The amount you need and for how long you need to take it will depend on what you are being treated for. You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of this medicine. Follow your doctor’s instructions. You should not apply it to damaged or broken skin and avoid contact with your mouth, eyes, and nose. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve but keep using it regularly to get the most benefit. Consult your doctor again if you do not notice any improvement after a few weeks. Using more medicine or applying it more often than prescribed will not make it work any faster and may increase the side effects.The most common side effects include irritation, dryness, and redness of the skin. They are usually mild and improve as your body gets used to the medicine. Drink plenty of water and use moisturizer as it may lead to dryness of the mouth, lips, and eyes. Let your doctor know if these side effects bother you or do not go away. Serious side effects with this medicine are rare.This medicine may make you more sensitive to sunlight so you should limit exposure to the sun if possible. It may make your skin more fragile. It is advised, not to have any waxing (hair removal), or laser treatments during treatment. Pregnant women or women who are planning to get pregnant should not use this medicine as it can lead to birth defects.
Aldactone Tablet is a medicine known as a diuretic (water pill). It is mainly used in the treatment of heart failure and high blood pressure. It reduces the swelling (edema) caused by some other conditions. This medicine is also used to treat low potassium levels in the body (hypokalemia).Aldactone Tablet should be taken with food at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Taking it early in the day can help prevent you from having to get up at night to go to the toilet frequently, You should keep using this medicine as it has been prescribed, even if you feel well. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Follow your doctor's advice about the type and amount of liquids you should drink. If you are being treated for high blood pressure, lifestyle changes such as exercising regularly, and making changes to your diet like a low-salt diet may increase the effectiveness of this medicine.The common side effects include nausea, vomiting, dizziness and swelling, or tenderness of your breasts (men and women). If these bother you, or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Drinking alcohol can increase certain side effects and should be avoided.You should be careful about using Aldactone Tablet if you have kidney problems or are unable to urinate. Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have ever had kidney, liver or heart disease or are pregnant. Also let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are using as they may affect, or be affected by this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before taking this medicine. While using this medicine, you may be advised to limit your intake of salt or salt substitutes, and you should have your blood pressure checked frequently. Some other tests like kidney function (e.g., creatinine) and potassium levels will be done to monitor your progress.
AF Kit Tablet is a combination medicine used in syndromic management of vaginal discharge. It works by stopping the growth of microorganisms and killing the existing ones that cause the infection.It is advisable to take AF Kit Tablet at a fixed time each day to maintain consistent levels of the medicine in the blood. In case you have missed any doses, take it as soon as you remember it. Never skip any doses and finish a full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped without talking to the doctor as it may worsen your symptoms. It may cause side effects like nausea, headache, vomiting, taste change, dizziness, indigestion, loss of appetite, and stomach pain. It may cause diarrhea, so it is better to take plenty of fluids while taking this medicine as it may help to prevent dehydration.
Azoran Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called immunosuppressants. It is used with other medicines to prevent your body rejecting an organ (such as a kidney, heart or liver) after a transplant. It is also used in the treatment of treat rheumatoid arthritis.Azoran Tablet works by weakening the body’s immune system, so it does not attack the new organ. The amount of medicine to be taken and how often you need to take it will depend on the type of transplant you have. Follow your doctor’s instructions on this. You should take it along with food. Swallow it as a whole,  do not crush, chew, break, or open them. Take the medicine regularly to get the most benefit and keep taking it even if you feel well. If you stop taking it, you may increase the chances of rejecting your transplanted organ. The treatment will continue for as long as you need it to prevent rejection.It has many potential side effects. The most common are loss of appetite, nausea and increased risk of bleeding. Because it suppresses your immune system, you may catch more infections than usual. There’s also an increased risk of developing some cancers for this reason. To reduce your risk of skin cancer, limit your exposure to the sun and use a protective cream. There is a long list of potential side effects. You should ask your doctor about them and what signs to look out for because some can be serious and need urgent medical attention.Azoran Tablet can cause birth defects and miscarriages so do not take it if you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant or breastfeeding. You should talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if you have any signs of infection or if you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding. Your doctor also needs to know what other medicines you are taking as there are many which interact with this medicine and affect the way it works. You will have regular tests to check for any changes in the number of your blood cells.
Augmentin DDS Suspension is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin DDS Suspension is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Atorva 40 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It is used to lower cholesterol and to reduce the risk of heart disease. Cholesterol is a fatty substance that builds up in your blood vessels and causes narrowing, which may lead to a heart attack or stroke.Atorva 40 Tablet is a widely prescribed medicine and is regarded as safe for long-term use when taken as per doctor's advice. It can be taken with a meal or on an empty stomach. You can take it at any time of the day but try to take it at the same time each day. Most people with high cholesterol do not feel ill, but stopping your medicine may increase your cholesterol levels, making your condition worse and increasing your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your cholesterol levels checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of the treatment program which should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to avoid foods that are high in fat. Common side effects of this medicine include constipation, flatulence, dyspepsia, and abdominal pain. These are usually mild and disappear after a short time. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you notice any yellowing of your eyes or get repeated or unexplained muscle pains. This medicine should not be used in some conditions such as liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should not take this medicine as it may harm the developing baby. Diabetic patients should monitor their blood sugar levels while taking this medicine, as it may lead to an increase in blood sugar levels. Your doctor may check your liver function before starting the treatment and monitor it regularly thereafter.
Amlokind 5 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as a calcium channel blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and prevent angina (heart-related chest pain). It lowers blood pressure and reduces the workload of the heart which helps in preventing heart attacks and strokes.Amlokind 5 Tablet may be prescribed alone or along with other medicines. The dose depends on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. You can take it at any time of the day, with or without food, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping yourself active with regular exercise, reducing your weight, and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.The most common side effects include fatigue, swelling in the feet or ankles, sleepiness, dizziness, flushing, headache, and unusual beating of the heart (palpitations). Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver, heart or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking, especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly.
AB Phylline Capsule is used to treat and prevent symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (a lung disorder in which flow of air to the lung is blocked). It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.AB Phylline Capsule can be taken with the food in evening. But take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Do not miss even a single dose, if in any case, you missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember or better to skip the missed dose and continue with regular dosing. It does not work immediately or prevent the already started breathing trouble, hence always carry your medical inhaler with you for an emergency.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, headache, vomiting, and abdominal upset or discomfort. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Generally, it is advised not to consume alcohol or do not smoke while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor if you have kidney or liver disease or if you have heart-related problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before starting the treatment. 
Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler belongs to a group of medicines called fast-acting bronchodilators or “relievers”. It’s used to treat the symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) such as coughing, wheezing and breathlessness.Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler is called "reliever" inhalers because they give you quick relief from breathing problems when you need it. In most cases, you will be given another inhaler to prevent your symptoms (a “preventer”) and you should use this regularly every day. Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler works quickly and the effects can last several hours. You can take it at any time of day, but only use it when you notice symptoms, such as coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath, tightness in the chest or you know that you are going to do an activity that can cause breathlessness. When an asthma attack happens, you should take the number of puffs your doctor recommends. There are several types of inhaler devices so make sure you know how to use your inhaler correctly, otherwise it may not work. Do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to. If you stop, your breathing problems could get worse.Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler is generally safe and effective but may cause some common side effects which include feeling a bit shaky, changes to your heart rate, headaches, and muscle cramps. These side effects are not often dangerous and should gradually improve as your body gets used to this medicine. There are other rare, side effects and you should call your doctor straight away if you get chest pain, a very bad headache, or very bad dizziness.Before using Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler, you should tell your doctor if you have high blood pressure, an overactive thyroid gland, a history of heart problems, diabetes or low levels of potassium in your blood to make sure it is safe. Also, make sure your doctor knows if you are pregnant or breast-feeding before taking this medicine. This medicine can make you feel dizzy or shaky, therefore, do not drive, use tools, or machinery until you feel better. Avoid smoking as it causes damage to your lungs and will make your condition worse.
Alfoo 10mg Tablet PR is an alpha adrenergic antagonist that is used in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. It helps to relieve symptoms like difficulty in passing urine. However, it does not decrease the size of the prostate.Alfoo 10mg Tablet PR is advised to take it in a dose and duration as per prescription. It should be taken with food, but take at the same time regularly. Swallow the medicine as a whole without crushing or chewing it. You should not stop taking the medicine without consulting the doctor as it may lead to the worsening of your symptoms. The course of the treatment should be completed for better efficacy of the medicine.Some common side effects of this medicine are upper respiratory tract infection, headache, and tiredness. It may also lead to blurry vision or dizziness, so it is advised to avoid driving while on the medication. If any of the side effects persist or bother you, you must consult the doctor without delay.Simple lifestyle changes can help you manage your symptoms better. Try to urinate as soon as you feel the urge, however, never strain or push to empty your bladder. You should avoid drinking caffeinated or alcoholic drinks at night and a few hours before going to bed or going out.Before receiving the treatment, inform your doctor if you are on any medication for any other health condition. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, tell your doctor prior to the treatment. If you have to undergo eye surgery due to cataract or glaucoma than inform your eye doctor about the usage of this medicine. Patients with liver or kidney disease must be cautious while receiving the prescription, and they must receive regular follow-ups as per the doctor’s advice.
Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR belongs to a class of medicines known as benzodiazepines. It is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety. It alters brain activity, calms it and provides relief from panic attacks by relaxing the nerves.Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR may be taken with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming. If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.The most common side effect of this medicine is lightheadedness. It may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you.It may also cause weight gain or weight loss as it can vary from person to person. To prevent weight gain you can eat a healthy balanced diet, avoid snacking with high calorie foods, and exercise regularly. Weight loss can be managed by increasing food portions and consulting a dietitian. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time than regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Alex Junior Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It works by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain. It relieves allergic symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes, sneezing, throat irritation.Alex Junior Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, upset stomach, and rash. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make dizziness worse.It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking this medicine.
Acitrom 2 Tablet is an oral anticoagulant which helps to prevent formation of harmful blood clots in the legs, lungs, brain and heart. It is used for deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and stroke prevention.Acitrom 2 Tablet should be taken as advised by the doctor. You may take it with or without food but it is better to take it at a fixed time. This medicine should not be stopped abruptly without consulting the doctor. You should take this medicine regularly to get the most benefit, even if you feel fine. It is preventing future harm.Use of this medicine may increase your risk of bleeding. Let your doctor know immediately if you see pinpoint rash or blood in your vomits, urine, or stool. If you are going under any surgery or dental treatment then you may need to stop this medicine for some time but only after consulting with your doctor.Before taking it, you must inform the doctor if you are suffering from any kidney or liver disease. Also, let your doctor know if you are pregnant or breastfeeding and about all the other medications that you are taking regularly.
Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of abdominal pain. It works effectively to reduce abdominal pain and cramps by relaxing the muscles of the stomach and gut. It also blocks certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are dryness in mouth, constipation, blurred vision, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It may also cause dizziness and drowsiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your dizziness.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Ascoril LS Junior Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ascoril LS Junior Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Azithral 200 Liquid is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azithral 200 Liquid is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Avomine Tablet used in the treatment of various allergic conditions like runny nose, sneezing, congestion, itching and watery eyes. It also treats nausea, vomiting and insomnia (difficulty in sleeping) in adults and used as a sedative (sleep causing) in children (for 5 years and above).Avomine Tablet should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose. you must inform your doctor if symptoms does not get improve within 7 days of treatment.The most common side effects of this medicine include dry mouth, blur vision, headache, and feeling dizzy. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. It makes skin more sensitive towards sunlight. use sunscreen or wear protective clothing before going out.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have glaucoma or have asthma issues or have high blood pressure. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment.
Asthalin Syrup is used to relieve symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) such as coughing, wheezing and breathlessness. It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.You can take Asthalin Syrup with or without food. The dose will depend on your condition and how your respond to the medicine. Try to take it at the same time each day. It is important to keep taking this medicine until your doctor tells you not to. Use this medicine regularly to get the most benefit from it even if you feel well.Asthalin Syrup is generally safe and effective but some common side effects include tremor, headache. fast heart rate, and muscle cramps. These side effects are not often dangerous and they should gradually improve as your body gets used to this medicine. There are other, rarer, side effects and you should call your doctor straight away if you get chest pain, a very bad headache or very bad dizziness.Before using Asthalin Syrupl, you should tell your doctor if you have high blood pressure, an overactive thyroid gland, a history of heart problems, diabetes or low levels of potassium in your blood to make sure it is safe. Also, make sure your doctor knows if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before taking this medicine. This medicine can make you feel dizzy or shaky so avoid driving, cycling or using tools or machinery until you feel better. You should not smoke as it causes damage to your lungs and will make your condition worse.
Acnovate Gel is a combination of two medicines that effectively treats acne. It minimizes oil production and helps to reduce inflammation. It also kills acne-causing microorganisms and prevents infection. This helps to prevent pimples, blackheads, and whiteheads on the skin.Acnovate Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor.  You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of the medicine. It should not be applied to broken or damaged skin. Avoid any contact with your eyes, nose or mouth. Rinse it off with water if you accidentally get it in these areas. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. Do not stop using it as soon as your acne starts to get better. Ask your doctor when you should stop treatment.Side effects like minor itching, burning, or redness of the skin and oily skin may be seen in some people. These are usually temporary and resolve on their own. Consult your doctor if they bother you or do not go away. Inform your doctor if you have any problems with your bowels (intestines), or if you are using any other medicines to treat skin conditions. Consult your doctor about using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Atarax Syrup is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms of skin allergy like itching, swelling, and rashes. It is also used to treat anxiety and helps to get relaxed before or after surgery.Atarax Syrup should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.The most common side effects of this medicine include sedation, nausea, vomiting, stomach upset and constipation.  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. You must avoid driving or attention-seeking activity while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have heart problems or have high blood pressure, have liver or kidney problems. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment. 
Aztor 10 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It is used to lower cholesterol and to reduce the risk of heart disease. Cholesterol is a fatty substance that builds up in your blood vessels and causes narrowing, which may lead to a heart attack or stroke.Aztor 10 Tablet is a widely prescribed medicine and is regarded as safe for long-term use when taken as per doctor's advice. It can be taken with a meal or on an empty stomach. You can take it at any time of the day but try to take it at the same time each day. Most people with high cholesterol do not feel ill, but stopping your medicine may increase your cholesterol levels, making your condition worse and increasing your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your cholesterol levels checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of the treatment program which should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to avoid foods that are high in fat. Common side effects of this medicine include constipation, flatulence, dyspepsia, and abdominal pain. These are usually mild and disappear after a short time. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you notice any yellowing of your eyes or get repeated or unexplained muscle pains. This medicine should not be used in some conditions such as liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should not take this medicine as it may harm the developing baby. Diabetic patients should monitor their blood sugar levels while taking this medicine, as it may lead to an increase in blood sugar levels. Your doctor may check your liver function before starting the treatment and monitor it regularly thereafter.
Amifru 40 Tablet is a combination of two medicines used to reduce excess fluid levels in the body. It is used to treat edema (fluid overload) and some cases of hypertension (high blood pressure).It is best to take Amifru 40 Tablet in the morning along with food in order to avoid frequent urination at night time. For better results, it is suggested to take it at the same time every day.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you.Nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea, dizziness or muscle weakness are some common side effects of this medicine. It might lower down the level of calcium, sodium and magnesium in the blood. Hence, regular monitoring of kidney function and electrolytes is important while using this medicine.It is generally safe to use during pregnancy or breastfeeding. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have any liver or  kidney disease. You should also let your healthcare team know all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by this medicine.
Akurit 4 Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause the infection.Akurit 4 Tablet is a prescription medicine and it is to be taken it as suggested by the doctor. It should be taken in an empty stomach and take it at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine. The medicine may take some to show its effects on the symptoms. However, it is advised to consult the doctor if you feel an aggravation of the condition or if your condition does not improve.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, fever, dark-colored urine, sweating, increased saliva, etc. To cope up with the side effects, you should drink plenty of water. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. Generally, serious side effects are rare. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Patients with liver and kidney ailments must take this medicine with proper consultation and caution. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with the doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. During the treatment, you must take adequate rest and eat a healthy diet for a faster recovery. While on the medication, your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
Alerid-D Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms like runny nose, sneezing, throat irritation, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Alerid-D Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are headache, dryness in mouth, nausea, vomiting, restlessness, and tiredness. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It can also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any liver or kidney diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Althrocin 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of infections. It is effective in most infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, and skin. It stops the bacteria from growing, which helps to resolve the symptoms and cures the infection.Althrocin 500 Tablet is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It is best absorbed when taken on an empty stomach. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the infection returning or worsening.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, pain in the abdomen and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects do not resolve or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Ativan 1mg Tablet is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety disorders such as generalized anxiety disorder (excessive worry or restlessness), obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), panic attacks and social phobias. It is also used for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety.Ativan 1mg Tablet relieves symptoms of anxiety such as nervousness, rapid breathing, increased heart rate, excessive sweating, trembling, weakness or lack of concentration. It may be taken with or without food. However, take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming.If you have missed any doses, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. You should not stop this medication without talking to your doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.Some common side effects of this medicine include weakness, sedation and balance disorder (loss of balance). It may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Talk to your doctor about potential side effects and ways you might prevent or cope with them. You may also get side effects after stopping the treatment.Before taking the medicine you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or breastfeeding. Taking it along with alcohol affects the way it works and can increase the chance of side effects. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time then regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
Aceclo Plus Tablet is a pain relieving medicine. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Aceclo Plus Tablet should be taken with or without food. You should take it regularly as advised by your doctor. Your doctor may change the dose and time between doses according to your pain level and your needs. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by your doctor.Some of the common side effects of this medicine include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, loss of appetite, heartburn, and diarrhea. If any of these side effects bother you or do not go away with time, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help you with ways to reduce or prevent these side effects by prescribing an alternative medicine or adjusting the dose.The medicine may not be suitable for everybody. Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, liver, or have stomach ulcers. To make sure it is safe for you, let your doctor know about all the other medicines you are taking. Pregnant and breastfeeding mothers should first consult their doctors before using this medicine.
Alaspan Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used in the treatment of various allergic conditions. It relieves symptoms like itching, swelling and rashes.Alaspan Tablet should be taken on an empty stomach. The dose may vary depending on what you are taking it for. Take it as it has been prescribed by your doctor. You may need this medicine only on days you have symptoms, or you may need to take it every day to prevent symptoms from happening. If you stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.  This medicine is generally very safe.As compared to other similar medications, it is much less likely to make you feel sleepy. But, it may cause some amount of dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that needs attention. Consult your doctor if it persists or worry you. It may cause headache or increase appetite in some cases. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys or with your heart.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine.
Amaryl 1mg Tablet is a medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It belongs to a group of medicines called sulfonylureas and helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes. This helps to prevent serious complications of diabetes like kidney damage and blindness.Amaryl 1mg Tablet may be used alone or along with other medicines. It should be taken just before or with the first meal of the day. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the maximum benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems, and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effects of taking this medicine include low blood sugar levels (hypoglycemia), nausea, headache, and dizziness. Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood sugar levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking, and know how to deal with them. To prevent this, it is important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and hence should be avoided. Some people may experience an increase in weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease, thyroid disease, or some hormonal conditions, as it may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
Acnedap Plus Gel is a combination medicine that is used to treats acne. It minimizes excessive oil production, thus reduces inflammation. It also prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause acne. This also helps to prevent pimples, blackheads, and whiteheads on the skin.Acnedap Plus Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. A thin layer of the medicine should be applied only to the affected areas of the skin with clean and dry hands. Wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. If it gets into your eyes, nose, mouth, or vagina rinse with water. It may take several days to weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. The course of the treatment should be completed to ensure better efficacy of the medicine. If your condition does not improve or gets worse, you should talk to your doctor.This is usually a safe medicine, however, it may cause dryness, peeling, redness, and burning sensation at the application site. These side effects are usually mild and self-limiting. Most of these side effects can be prevented by using a skin moisturizer and drinking plenty of water. Serious side effects are rare. You must consult the doctor if you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.).Before using this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines for the same disease or other diseases. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should use this medicine with proper consultation and caution. If you are a known allergic to the medicine, you must refrain from using this medicine and consult your doctor. During the course of the treatment, do not touch, prick or scratch the infected skin areas as this may worsen or spread the acne. Avoid unnecessary sun exposure and use a sunscreen before stepping out in the sun. It is also advised, not to receive any cosmetic procedures without asking your doctor.
Ampoxin 500 Capsule is a combination medicine that is used to treat various types of bacterial infections. It fights against the microorganisms to prevent their growth and further spread of the infection.Ampoxin 500 Capsule is a prescription medicine. It is advised to take it as per the prescription. It can be taken with or without food, but it must be taken at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, indigestion, etc. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. You must take adequate rest for a faster recovery, also take a healthy diet and drink plenty of water. Your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
Allercet-DC Tablet is a combination medicine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms like runny nose, sneezing, throat irritation, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Allercet-DC Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are dryness in the mouth, headache, nausea, vomiting, and tiredness. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It can also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any kidney diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Amlong Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as a calcium channel blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and prevent angina (heart-related chest pain). It lowers blood pressure and reduces the workload of the heart which helps in preventing heart attacks and strokes.Amlong Tablet may be prescribed alone or along with other medicines. The dose depends on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. You can take it at any time of the day, with or without food, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping yourself active with regular exercise, reducing your weight, and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.The most common side effects include fatigue, swelling in the feet or ankles, sleepiness, dizziness, flushing, headache, and unusual beating of the heart (palpitations). Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver, heart or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking, especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly.
Acemiz-S Tablet is a combination medicine used to relieve pain and swelling in various conditions like muscle pain, joint pain and postoperative pain. Thus, it effectively alleviates pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and osteoarthritis.Acemiz-S Tablet should be taken in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. It should be taken with food or milk to prevent stomach upset. Taking the medicine regularly at the right times increases its effectiveness. It is important to keep taking the medicine regularly until your doctor tells you it is safe to stop.Nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, indigestion, heartburn, loss of appetite and diarrhea are some of the common side effects that might be observed on taking this medicine. Your doctor may regularly monitor your kidney function, liver function, and levels of blood components if you are taking this medicine for long-term treatment. Long-term use may lead to serious complications such as stomach bleeding and kidney problems. Acemiz-S Tablet is not recommended if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Augmentin Duo Oral Suspension is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin Duo Oral Suspension is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Ascoril SF Expectorant is used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ascoril SF Expectorant is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, bloating, indigestion, vomiting, stomach pain, sweating, headache, skin rash, tremor, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Ambrodil-LX Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ambrodil-LX Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Acivir 400 DT Tablet is an antiviral medicine. It helps in treating viral infections like herpes labialis, herpes simplex, shingles, genital herpes infection, and chickenpox. It prevents the multiplication of virus in human cells and therefore helps in clearing the infection.Acivir 400 DT Tablet should be taken in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. It may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. However, if it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule. Do not double the dose. You should drink plenty of water while on treatment with this medicine as it helps to prevent dehydration and kidney damage.Some side effects of this medicine include headache, dizziness, vomiting, nausea, fatigue, and fever. Inform your doctor if these side effects do not resolve or persist for a longer duration. Please consult your doctor if you are pregnant, planning to conceive or breastfeeding.
Amitone 10mg Tablet is used in the treatment of depression. Different doses of this medicine help in treating and preventing different problems such as chronic nerve-related (neuropathic) pain, migraine, tension-type headache and nighttime bedwetting (nocturnal enuresis) by older children (6 years and above).Amitone 10mg Tablet is known as a tricyclic antidepressant. It is normally taken before bedtime because it can make you feel sleepy. It can be taken with or without food. The dose and how often you need to take it will be decided by your doctor so that you get the right amount to control your symptoms. It may be increased gradually. This medicine may not work straight away and it could be several weeks before you get the full effects.How long you need to use it will depend on what you are taking it for, but it is important to continue taking this medication even if you feel well. Do not suddenly stop taking it without consulting your doctor as it may make your condition worse. Your dose may be modified or gradually decreased before stopping the medication.The most common side effects of this medicine include increased heart rate, constipation, dizziness, feeling thirsty or tired, dry mouth and difficulty urinating. It may also make you aggressive or confused and can lead to weight gain in some people. This medicine is not addictive, but you can experience additional side effects (withdrawal symptoms) if you stop taking it suddenly. Most of the common side effects tend to be mild. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing side effects if they bother you or do not go away. Serious side effects associated with this medicine are rare.
Asthakind Expectorant Sugar Free is used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Asthakind Expectorant Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, bloating, indigestion, vomiting, stomach pain, sweating, headache, skin rash, tremor, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Antiflu 75mg Capsule is an antiviral medicine used to treat and prevent influenza (flu) as well as, swine flu (H1N1 virus). It helps to relieve the symptoms of the flu virus infection like a stuffy or runny nose, sore throat, cough, body aches, tiredness, headache, fever, and chills.Antiflu 75mg Capsule prevents the flu virus from spreading inside the body. Influenza, commonly known as flu is an infection caused by a virus. This medicine should be taken only when prescribed by a doctor. It should be used in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. It can be taken with or without food, although taking it with food can reduce the chance of feeling or being sick (nausea or vomiting).Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medication too early may result in a relapse of the infection or failure to protect you from the flu.Some common side effects include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These side effects mostly occur after the first dose of the medicine and will usually stop as treatment continues. Please consult your doctor if these side effects persist for a longer duration.Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have problems with your heart, liver or kidneys. Avoid drinking alcohol as it may increase your risk of liver damage. Pregnant or breastfeeding mothers should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
AF 400 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antifungals. It works by stopping the growth of fungus and is used to treat infections of the mouth, throat, vagina and other parts of the body including fingernails and toenails. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane.AF 400 Tablet should be taken in the dose and duration as prescribed by your doctor. It should be swallowed whole and can be taken with or without food. The dosage and length of treatment will depend on the condition you are being treated for. Sometimes this will be in cycles of use and non-use. To get the most benefit, take this medicine at evenly spaced times and continue using it until your prescription is finished, even if your symptoms disappear after a few days. If you stop treatment too early, the infection may return and if you miss doses you can increase your risk of infections that are resistant to further treatment. Tell your doctor if the infection does not get better or if it gets worse. Avoid taking antacid treatments within one hour before or two hours after you take it.The most common side effects of this medicine include stomach pain, headache and feeling sick (nausea). You could ask your doctor about ways of preventing or reducing these effects. You should stop taking it straight away if you have any signs of an allergic reaction or of congestive heart failure. Signs of this include rash, swelling of the lips, throat or face, swallowing or breathing problems, feeling dizzy or faint and nausea.Do not take it if you are pregnant or could become pregnant unless your doctor has told you to. Talk to your doctor before taking it if you have ever had heart failure, a weak immune system (including HIV/AIDS), kidney problems or liver problems such as yellow skin (jaundice). This medicine may not be suitable for you. If your course of treatment is for more than a month, your doctor may want to check your liver by testing your blood. This medicine may make you dizzy or have blurred vision so do not drive or operate machines until it is safe.
Anobliss Cream is a combination of two medicines used in the treatment anal fissures (tear in the lining of anus). It relieves the pain, swelling, itching and discomfort associated with passing of stools in people who suffer from problems in the anal area.Anobliss Cream relaxes the blood vessels in the anus thus helping in the healing of anal fissures. It should be used in the dose and duration as directed by your doctor. Do not stop using it suddenly without talking to your doctor, as it may lead to worsening of your condition.Before applying this medicine clean and dry the affected area. Make sure to wash your hands thoroughly before and after applying this medicine. Avoid getting this medicine into your eyes, nose or mouth. If accidental exposure occurs, wash your eyes with water and seek immediate medical attention.This medicine is generally well tolerated with minimal or no side effects. However, slight anal irritation may occur as a side effect of this medicine. This is temporary and usually resolves on its own in some time. Please consult your doctor if it does not resolve or persists for a longer duration. Inform your doctor immediately if you notice worsening of the infection or if you develop increased redness and irritation.
Acenac-P  Tablet is a pain relieving medicine. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Acenac-P  Tablet should be taken with or without food. You should take it regularly as advised by your doctor. Your doctor may change the dose and time between doses according to your pain level and your needs. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by your doctor.Some of the common side effects of this medicine include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, loss of appetite, heartburn, and diarrhea. If any of these side effects bother you or do not go away with time, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help you with ways to reduce or prevent these side effects by prescribing an alternative medicine or adjusting the dose.The medicine may not be suitable for everybody. Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, liver, or have stomach ulcers. To make sure it is safe for you, let your doctor know about all the other medicines you are taking. Pregnant and breastfeeding mothers should first consult their doctors before using this medicine.
Almox 500 Capsule is a penicillin-type of antibiotic used to treat a variety of bacterial infections. It is effective in infections of the throat, ear, nasal sinuses, respiratory tract (eg. pneumonia), urinary tract, skin and soft tissue, and typhoid fever.Almox 500 Capsule is also used to prevent infection of the heart valves (bacterial endocarditis) in people with pre-existing heart disease. Additionally, it helps to eliminate a bacteria known as H. pylori in people with peptic ulcer disease. It is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that fights and stops the growth of many types of bacteria. This medicine is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it.Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the infection returning or worsening. The total duration of treatment and precise dosage will be decided by your doctor, depending on the type of infection that you have and how well you respond to the medication.Before taking this medicine, inform your doctor if you are allergic to penicillin or any penicillin-type of medicine. Rash, vomiting, allergic reactions, nausea and diarrhea may be seen as side effects in some patients. These are temporary and usually resolve quickly. Consult your doctor if any of these side effects persist or if your condition worsens. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy if used under a doctor’s supervision.
Ace-Proxyvon CR Tablet is a combination of two medicines. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Ace-Proxyvon CR Tablet can be taken with or without food. The dose will depend on what you are taking it for and how well it helps your symptoms. You should take it as advised by your doctor. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by the doctor.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, flatulence, indigestion, diarrhea, and constipation. If any of these side effects bother you or get worse, you should speak to your doctor. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing the side effects.Before taking it, you should let your doctor know if you have a history of ulcer or bleeding in your stomach, high blood pressure, or have any trouble with your heart, kidneys, or liver. Let your doctor also know about all the other medicines you are taking because they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before starting treatment. You should also avoid drinking alcohol while you are taking this medicine, as alcohol can cause excessive drowsiness.
Arachitol 6L Injection helps your body to absorb a mineral called calcium, which is important for maintaining strong bones. This medicine is used if your diet does not provide enough vitamin D and may be used to treat certain bone conditions such as thinning of the bones (osteoporosis).Arachitol 6L Injection is given under the supervision of a healthcare professional and should not be self-administered. You should take it regularly to get the most benefit from it. If you are using it to treat osteoporosis you will be prescribed other medicines as well. This medicine may be only part of a complete program of treatment that also includes making changes to your diet and taking calcium and vitamin supplements. Learn about the foods you should eat to make sure you get enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet.It may cause pain, redness, and swelling at the site of injection in some people. If you take too much you may feel weakness, muscle pain, or have a metallic taste in your mouth.Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have high levels of calcium in your blood or if you have heart, kidney or liver disease. Some other medicines can decrease the absorption of vitamin D3 so let your doctor know all other medicines you are taking to make sure you are safe. This medicine may help during pregnancy when your body needs more vitamin D but too much could harm your baby. While using Arachitol 6L Injection you may need extra blood tests and possibly X-rays.
Anal fissure
AF-K Lotion is a combination of two antifungal medicines that effectively treat fungal skin infections and dandruff. It kills the fungi that cause the infection and relieves itching and irritation.AF-K Lotion is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. A thin layer of the medicine should be applied only to the affected areas of the skin with clean and dry hands. Wash your hands before and after application of the medicine. If it gets into your eyes, nose, or mouth rinse with water. It may take several days to weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. The course of the treatment should be completed to ensure better efficacy of the medicine.This medicine is usually safe to use with no common side effects. However, consult with your doctor if you experience application site reactions such as burning, redness, and itching of skin.It is not likely that other medicines you take by mouth or injection will affect the way this medicine works, but talk to your doctor before using it if you have recently used another medicine for dandruff. The medicine is not recommended for pregnant women. Pregnant and breastfeeding mothers should consult their doctors before using this medicine.
Acivir Cream is an antiviral medicine which helps in treating skin infections caused by Herpes simplex virus such as herpes labialis. It prevents the multiplication of the virus in skin cells and therefore helps in clearing the skin infection.Acivir Cream is for external use only. You should use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. The affected area should be clean and dry before application of the ointment. You must wash your hands thoroughly before and after applying this medicine. Do not touch the sores unnecessarily with your hands or towel, to avoid spreading the infection.Some common side effects include burning, irritation, itching and redness of the skin, at the site of application. Please consult your doctor if these side effects persist for a longer duration. Do not use it in the eyes, mouth, nose or vagina as it may cause irritation. If accidental exposure occurs, rinse immediately with plenty of water.
Aten 50 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called beta-blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), angina (heart-related chest pain), irregular heart rhythms (arrhythmia). It also helps to prevent future heart attacks and stroke and to prevent migraine.Aten 50 Tablet is also used to relieve the symptoms caused by an overactive thyroid gland. It may be prescribed alone or together with other medications. The dose and frequency depend on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. It may be taken empty stomach or with a meal, but take it regularly at the same time each day to get the most benefit. It may take several weeks before you get the full benefit of this medicine and you may need to take it for the rest of your life. However, it is important to continue taking it even if you feel well. Most people with high blood pressure do not feel ill and if you stop taking it, your condition may worsen.The main side effects of this medicine are fatigue, slow heart rate,  feeling dizzy, diarrhea, and nausea. These are usually mild and short-lived. It may also cause shortness of breath or low blood pressure in some people. To reduce the risk of side effects your doctor will probably start the medicine at a low dose and gradually increase it. Consult your doctor if the side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver problems. It may also not be suitable for people who have a slow heart rate, severe circulation problems, severe heart failure, or low blood pressure. Pregnant or breastfeeding mothers should also consult their doctor before taking it. You must talk to your doctor to find out whether this medicine is suitable for you to use. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly. Avoid drinking alcohol as it may increase certain side effects.
Amaryl M  2mg Tablet PR belongs to a category of medicines known as anti-diabetic drugs. It is a combination of two medicines used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes.Amaryl M  2mg Tablet PR should be taken with food. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to how it is working according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effect of Amaryl M  2mg Tablet PR is low blood glucose levels (hypoglycemia). Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood glucose levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking and know how to deal with it. To prevent this, it's important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and should be avoided. Other side effects that may be seen on taking this medicine include taste changes, nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, headache and upper respiratory tract infection. Some people may find that they put on weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, if you have diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease. It may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
Ascoril LS Drops is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Ascoril LS Drops is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Azax 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azax 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Angispan - TR 2.5mg Capsule is used to treat and prevent heart-related chest pain (angina). Angina occurs when the heart muscle is not getting enough blood. This medicine works by relaxing and widening blood vessels so blood can flow more easily to the heart.Angispan - TR 2.5mg Capsule should be taken in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. It may be taken with or without food, preferably at a fixed time each day. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. You can develop tolerance to this medicine over time, which means that the same dose becomes less effective. You have to stick to a really specific dosing schedule to prevent this from happening.The most common side effect of this medicine is headache which may be severe. This can sometimes be helped by drinking plenty of fluids and avoiding alcohol. You may also experience lightheadedness, which could increase your risk of having a fall. There are other, rarer side effects, some of them serious. Ask your doctor and read the leaflet which comes with the medicine to make sure you are keeping safe.Do not use Angispan - TR 2.5mg Capsule if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure in your lungs (pulmonary hypertension), erectile dysfunction or if you have anemia or glaucoma (increased pressure inside the eye). Always tell your doctor what other health conditions you have and what other medicines you are taking. It is best not to drink alcohol with this medicine as it increases some of the side effects. If you are affected by dizziness, avoid driving. If you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or breastfeeding, ask your doctor before taking this medicine.
Amlodac 5 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as a calcium channel blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and prevent angina (heart-related chest pain). It lowers blood pressure and reduces the workload of the heart which helps in preventing heart attacks and strokes.Amlodac 5 Tablet may be prescribed alone or along with other medicines. The dose depends on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. You can take it at any time of the day, with or without food, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping yourself active with regular exercise, reducing your weight, and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.The most common side effects include fatigue, swelling in the feet or ankles, sleepiness, dizziness, flushing, headache, and unusual beating of the heart (palpitations). Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver, heart or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking, especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly.
Aceclo-MR Tablet is a combination medicine which helps in relieving muscular pain. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain, inflammation, and fever. This improves the movement of muscles and provides relief from pain and discomfort.Aceclo-MR Tablet can be taken with or without food. The dose and duration will depend on the severity of your condition. You should keep taking the medicine even if you feel better until the doctor says it is alright to stop using it.Using this medicine may cause common side effects such as nausea, vomiting, heartburn, stomach pain, diarrhea, and loss of appetite. If any of these side effects do not resolve with time or get worse, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing the side effects. In general, you should try to use the smallest amount necessary to control your symptoms.Before using the medicine, you should tell your doctor if you have any other medical conditions or disorders. To make sure it is safe, you should let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. Also, tell your doctor if you have any problems with the liver or kidneys. You should avoid the consumption of alcohol while on treatment with this medicine. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should consult their doctors first before using the medicine.
Azee 200mg Dry Syrup is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azee 200mg Dry Syrup is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Ascabiol Emulsion is a combination medicine that is used to treat scabies. It kills the tiny insects (mites) and their eggs. It also kills head lices.Ascabiol Emulsion should be used in the dose and duration as advised by the doctor. Wash your hands before using this medicine. It is advised to check the label for directions before use. Wash your hands before using this medicine. Apply only to the affected areas.Do not use this medicine more than the recommended dose. Inform your doctor if you have known allergies from this medicine. The common side effects of this medicine include hair loss, rashes, drowsiness, headache, itching, and dry skin.If these side effects or any other symptoms which you think are because of this medicine persist for a longer duration, please consult your doctor. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding or are suffering from any other disease.
AB Phylline SR 200 Tablet is used to treat and prevent symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (a lung disorder in which flow of air to the lung is blocked). It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.AB Phylline SR 200 Tablet can be taken with the food in evening. But take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Do not miss even a single dose, if in any case, you missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember or better to skip the missed dose and continue with regular dosing. It does not work immediately or prevent the already started breathing trouble, hence always carry your medical inhaler with you for an emergency.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, headache, vomiting, and abdominal upset or discomfort. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Generally, it is advised not to consume alcohol or do not smoke while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor if you have kidney or liver disease or if you have heart-related problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before starting the treatment.
Ambrolite-S Expectorant is a combination medicine used to treat cough. It thins the mucus in the nose and windpipe, making it easier to cough out. This medicine also relieves throat irritation and provides cooling sensation.Ambrolite-S Expectorant is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, stomach discomfort, headache, rash, tremor, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Acogut Tablet is used in the treatment of indigestion. It also helps to relieve bloating after meals, pain in the upper abdomen and early satiety (feeling full after having a small amount of food).Acogut Tablet is taken before meals in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are headache and diarrhea. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. Lifestyle modifications like reducing smoking, increasing exercise and a healthy diet will help you to get better results.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking this medicine. Before taking this medicine, you should let your doctor know if you have liver and kidney problems.
Allegra Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions such as eczema, hives and reactions to bites and stings. It also relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Allegra Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla should be taken on an empty stomach. The dose may vary depending on what you are taking it for. Take it as prescribed by your doctor. You may need this medicine only on days you have the symptoms, or you may need to take it every day to prevent the symptoms from happening. If you stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include headache, drowsiness, dizziness, and nausea. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you.Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys or with your heart as antihistamines can cause your heart to beat faster. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy.
AB-Flo Capsule is used to treat and prevent symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (a lung disorder in which flow of air to the lung is blocked). It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.AB-Flo Capsule can be taken with the food in evening. But take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Do not miss even a single dose, if in any case, you missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember or better to skip the missed dose and continue with regular dosing. It does not work immediately or prevent the already started breathing trouble, hence always carry your medical inhaler with you for an emergency.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, headache, vomiting, and abdominal upset or discomfort. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Generally, it is advised not to consume alcohol or do not smoke while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor if you have kidney or liver disease or if you have heart-related problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before starting the treatment. 
Acemiz Plus Tablet is a pain relieving medicine. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Acemiz Plus Tablet should be taken with or without food. You should take it regularly as advised by your doctor. Your doctor may change the dose and time between doses according to your pain level and your needs. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by your doctor.Some of the common side effects of this medicine include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, loss of appetite, heartburn, and diarrhea. If any of these side effects bother you or do not go away with time, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help you with ways to reduce or prevent these side effects by prescribing an alternative medicine or adjusting the dose.The medicine may not be suitable for everybody. Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, liver, or have stomach ulcers. To make sure it is safe for you, let your doctor know about all the other medicines you are taking. Pregnant and breastfeeding mothers should first consult their doctors before using this medicine.
Amlopres-AT Tablet is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). This is a combination of two medicines that controls blood pressure when a single medication is not effective. It helps to lower high blood pressure and thus reduces the chances of future heart attack and stroke.You can take Amlopres-AT Tablet at any time of day, on empty stomach, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. Keep taking it for as long as advised by your doctor. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping active with regular exercise, reducing your weight and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.It may cause side effects like headache, ankle swelling, slow heart rate, and nausea. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. This might raise the level of potassium in the blood, hence avoid potassium rich food or supplements. You may be asked for regular monitoring of blood pressure, kidney function, and electrolytes level while on the treatment.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions.
Althrocin 250 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of infections. It is effective in most infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, and skin. It stops the bacteria from growing, which helps to resolve the symptoms and cures the infection.Althrocin 250 Tablet is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It is best absorbed when taken on an empty stomach. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the infection returning or worsening.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, pain in the abdomen and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects do not resolve or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
AF 150 Tablet DT belongs to a group of medicines called antifungals. It works by stopping the growth of fungus and is used to treat infections of the mouth, throat, vagina and other parts of the body including fingernails and toenails. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane.AF 150 Tablet DT should be taken in the dose and duration as prescribed by your doctor. It should be swallowed whole and can be taken with or without food. The dosage and length of treatment will depend on the condition you are being treated for. Sometimes this will be in cycles of use and non-use. To get the most benefit, take this medicine at evenly spaced times and continue using it until your prescription is finished, even if your symptoms disappear after a few days. If you stop treatment too early, the infection may return and if you miss doses you can increase your risk of infections that are resistant to further treatment. Tell your doctor if the infection does not get better or if it gets worse. Avoid taking antacid treatments within one hour before or two hours after you take it.The most common side effects of this medicine include stomach pain, headache and feeling sick (nausea). You could ask your doctor about ways of preventing or reducing these effects. You should stop taking it straight away if you have any signs of an allergic reaction or of congestive heart failure. Signs of this include rash, swelling of the lips, throat or face, swallowing or breathing problems, feeling dizzy or faint and nausea.Do not take it if you are pregnant or could become pregnant unless your doctor has told you to. Talk to your doctor before taking it if you have ever had heart failure, a weak immune system (including HIV/AIDS), kidney problems or liver problems such as yellow skin (jaundice). This medicine may not be suitable for you. If your course of treatment is for more than a month, your doctor may want to check your liver by testing your blood. This medicine may make you dizzy or have blurred vision so do not drive or operate machines until it is safe.
Aciloc 300 Tablet is a medicine that reduces the amount of excess acid make by your stomach. It is used to treat and prevent heartburn, indigestion and other symptoms caused by too much acid in the stomach. It is also used to treat and prevent stomach ulcers, reflux disease and some other rare conditions.Aciloc 300 Tablet is also commonly prescribed to prevent stomach ulcers and heartburn caused by the use of painkillers. It can be taken with or without food. How much you need, and how often you take it will depend on what you are being treated for. Follow the advice of your doctor while taking this medicine. This medicine should relieve indigestion and heartburn within a few hours. You may only need to take it for a short time when you have symptoms. If you are taking it to prevent ulcers and other conditions you may need to take it for longer. You should keep taking it regularly to prevent problems from happening in the future. You may be able to help improve your symptoms by eating smaller meals more often and avoiding spicy or fatty foods.Most people do not experience any side effects while taking this medicine. However, the most common side effects include headache, constipation, feeling drowsy or tired, and diarrhea. These side effects are usually mild and will go away when you stop taking this medicine or as you adjust to it. Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, inform your doctor if you have any kidney or liver problems. Also tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is usually considered safe to take during pregnancy and breastfeeding if it has been prescribed by a doctor. Avoid drinking alcohol as this can increase the amount of acid in your stomach and make your symptoms worse.
Ace-Proxyvon Tablet is a pain relieving medicine. It is used to treat pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.Ace-Proxyvon Tablet also prevents and reduces the chances of acid reflux, heartburn, and stomach ulcers. This medicine can be taken with or without food. The dose will depend on what you are taking it for and how well it helps your symptoms. You should take it as advised by your doctor. Do not take more or use it for longer duration than recommended by the doctor.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, diarrhea, constipation, stomach pain, flatulence, and loss of appetite. If any of these side effects do not resolve with time or get worse, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing them.Before taking it, you should let your doctor know if you have a history of ulcer or bleeding in your stomach, high blood pressure, or have any problems with your heart, kidneys, or liver. Let your doctor also know about all the other medicines you are taking to make sure it is safe for you.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before starting treatment. You should also avoid drinking alcohol while you are taking this medicine, as alcohol can cause excessive drowsiness.
Anxit 0.5 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as benzodiazepines. It is a prescription medicine used to treat anxiety. It alters brain activity, calms it and provides relief from panic attacks by relaxing the nerves.Anxit 0.5 Tablet may be taken with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor as it has a high potential of habit-forming. If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember it and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor as it may cause nausea and anxiety.The most common side effect of this medicine is lightheadedness. It may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you.It may also cause weight gain or weight loss as it can vary from person to person. To prevent weight gain you can eat a healthy balanced diet, avoid snacking with high calorie foods, and exercise regularly. Weight loss can be managed by increasing food portions and consulting a dietitian. If you have been taking this medicine for a long time than regular monitoring of blood and liver functions may be required.
Augmentin 1.2gm Injection is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin, and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin 1.2gm Injection is generally administered by a healthcare professional and should not be self-administered. Depending on the severity of your underlying illness, your doctor will decide the precise dose and schedule as per which this injection is to be given. It is strictly advised to be used as per the doctor’s prescription.Common side effects of this medicine include nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. Additionally, you may notice some injection site reactions like pain, swelling, or redness. Please consult your doctor if these do not get better or persist for a longer duration of time. In cases of patients with severe liver or kidney disease, consult your doctor before you start with the treatment.Before using it, you should tell your doctor if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. Your doctor may change the dose or prescribe a different medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if used under a doctor’s supervision.
Alerid Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions, and reactions to bites and stings. It relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Alerid Tablet can be taken with or without food. The dose required for you may vary depending on what you are taking it for. This medicine is usually taken in the evening but follow the advice of your doctor on how to take it. You may need this medicine only on days you have symptoms, but if you are taking it to prevent symptoms you should take it regularly. If you miss doses or stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include feeling sleepy or dizzy. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you. You should avoid alcohol while taking this medicine.Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have any kidney problems or epilepsy. Your dose may need to be modified or this medicine may not be suitable. Some other medicines can interact with this medicine so let your healthcare team know what else you are taking. You should also talk to your doctor before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, although it is not thought to be harmful.
Amaryl M  1mg Tablet PR belongs to a category of medicines known as anti-diabetic drugs. It is a combination of two medicines used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes.Amaryl M  1mg Tablet PR should be taken with food. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to how it is working according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effect of Amaryl M  1mg Tablet PR is low blood glucose levels (hypoglycemia). Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood glucose levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking and know how to deal with it. To prevent this, it's important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and should be avoided. Other side effects that may be seen on taking this medicine include taste changes, nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, headache and upper respiratory tract infection. Some people may find that they put on weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, if you have diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease. It may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
Avil Injection is an antiallergic medication. It treats symptoms of severe allergic reactions due to insect bite/sting, certain medicines, hives (rashes, swelling etc).Avil Injection is given as an injection into veins or muscles under the supervision of a doctor.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you.Sleepiness is the most common side effect of this medicine. Avoid driving or attention-seeking activity. If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. In some cases, it may cause dryness of mouth, so it is advised to drink more water, always carry sugar candy or maintain oral hygiene.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have glaucoma or have asthma issues or have high blood pressure. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment. 
Amoxycillin 500mg Capsule is a penicillin-type of antibiotic used to treat a variety of bacterial infections. It is effective in infections of the throat, ear, nasal sinuses, respiratory tract (eg. pneumonia), urinary tract, skin and soft tissue, and typhoid fever.Amoxycillin 500mg Capsule is also used to prevent infection of the heart valves (bacterial endocarditis) in people with pre-existing heart disease. Additionally, it helps to eliminate a bacteria known as H. pylori in people with peptic ulcer disease. It is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that fights and stops the growth of many types of bacteria. This medicine is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it.Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the infection returning or worsening. The total duration of treatment and precise dosage will be decided by your doctor, depending on the type of infection that you have and how well you respond to the medication.Before taking this medicine, inform your doctor if you are allergic to penicillin or any penicillin-type of medicine. Rash, vomiting, allergic reactions, nausea and diarrhea may be seen as side effects in some patients. These are temporary and usually resolve quickly. Consult your doctor if any of these side effects persist or if your condition worsens. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy if used under a doctor’s supervision.
Ambrodil-Plus RF Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of common cold symptoms. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, running nose, watery eyes, itching, swelling, and congestion or stiffness. It also thins and loosens mucus, making it easier to cough out.Ambrodil-Plus RF Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, stomach discomfort, insomnia, headache, nervousness, and restlessness. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make dizziness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking this medicine.
Akt 3 Kit is a combination medicine used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause the infection.Akt 3 Kit is a prescription medicine and it is to be taken as suggested by the doctor. It should be taken in an empty stomach and take it at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine. The medicine may take some to show its effects on the symptoms. However, it is advised to consult the doctor if you feel an aggravation of the condition or if your condition does not improve.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, fever, dark-colored urine, sweating, increased saliva, etc. To cope up with the side effects, you should drink plenty of water. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. Generally, serious side effects are rare. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Patients with liver and kidney ailments must take this medicine with proper consultation and caution. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with the doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. During the treatment, you must take adequate rest and eat a healthy diet for a faster recovery. While on the medication, your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
Ascoril D Junior Cough Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Ascoril D Junior Cough Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Ajaduo 25mg/5mg Tablet is a combination medicine that helps control blood sugar levels. This medicine is used together with diet and exercise to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. It helps in proper utilisation of insulin, thereby lowering the blood sugar level.Ajaduo 25mg/5mg Tablet can be taken with or without food at any time of day but you should try to take it at the same time every day. The dose will be decided by your doctor. Don’t stop taking it without asking your doctor. If you do, your blood sugar levels may increase and put you at risk of serious complications like kidney damage and blindness. This medicine is only part of a treatment program that should include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor.The most common side effects of this medicine include urinary tract infection, nasal congestion, sore throat, and upper respiratory tract infection. Drinking plenty of fluids while using it will help prevent dehydration. Some people may develop fungal infections in the genital area. Maintaining good hygiene can help prevent this.Before taking this medicine, inform your doctor if you have any kidney or liver problems or a urinary tract infection or if you are on water pills (diuretics). Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Avoid excessive alcohol intake while taking it as this may increase the risk of developing some side effects. Monitor your blood sugar levels regularly while taking this medicine.
AB-Flo-N Tablet is used for the prevention of chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (a lung disorder in which the flow of air to the lungs is blocked). It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages and making it easier to breathe. It relieves coughing, wheezing and feeling short of breath.AB-Flo-N Tablet is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are vomiting, heartburn, stomach upset, rash, itching, breathing difficulty, and nasal inflammation. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. It may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. Before you start taking this medicine it is important to inform your doctor if you are suffering from liver or kidney disease. You should also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Acitrom 1 Tablet is an oral anticoagulant which helps to prevent formation of harmful blood clots in the legs, lungs, brain and heart. It is used for deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and stroke prevention.Acitrom 1 Tablet should be taken as advised by the doctor. You may take it with or without food but it is better to take it at a fixed time. This medicine should not be stopped abruptly without consulting the doctor. You should take this medicine regularly to get the most benefit, even if you feel fine. It is preventing future harm.Use of this medicine may increase your risk of bleeding. Let your doctor know immediately if you see pinpoint rash or blood in your vomits, urine, or stool. If you are going under any surgery or dental treatment then you may need to stop this medicine for some time but only after consulting with your doctor.Before taking it, you must inform the doctor if you are suffering from any kidney or liver disease. Also, let your doctor know if you are pregnant or breastfeeding and about all the other medications that you are taking regularly.
Ascabiol Emulsion is a combination medicine that is used to treat scabies. It kills the tiny insects (mites) and their eggs. It also kills head lices.Ascabiol Emulsion should be used in the dose and duration as advised by the doctor. Wash your hands before using this medicine. It is advised to check the label for directions before use. Wash your hands before using this medicine. Apply only to the affected areas.Do not use this medicine more than the recommended dose. Inform your doctor if you have known allergies from this medicine. The common side effects of this medicine include hair loss, rashes, drowsiness, headache, itching, and dry skin.If these side effects or any other symptoms which you think are because of this medicine persist for a longer duration, please consult your doctor. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding or are suffering from any other disease.
Amlovas 5 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as a calcium channel blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and prevent angina (heart-related chest pain). It lowers blood pressure and reduces the workload of the heart which helps in preventing heart attacks and strokes.Amlovas 5 Tablet may be prescribed alone or along with other medicines. The dose depends on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. You can take it at any time of the day, with or without food, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping yourself active with regular exercise, reducing your weight, and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.The most common side effects include fatigue, swelling in the feet or ankles, sleepiness, dizziness, flushing, headache, and unusual beating of the heart (palpitations). Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver, heart or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking, especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly.
Asthakind LS Expectorant Cola Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Asthakind LS Expectorant Cola Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, vomiting, muscle cramp, headache, skin rash, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Avamys Nasal Spray is a steroid. It relieves the symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as runny nose, sneezing and sinus discomfort. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) and allergies, thus relieving the discomfort and irritation in your nose.You should always use it as advised by your doctor but to get the full benefit you should take it regularly. It may take a few days for the spray to take full effect. If you do not see an improvement in your symptoms after a week you should talk to your doctor.The most common side effects of Avamys Nasal Spray include burning or itching in your nose. It can also cause nosebleed and headache in some patients. Talk to your doctor if you are worried about side effects or they do not go away. This medicine may lower the ability of your body to fight off infections, so try to stay away from someone having chickenpox, measles, or tuberculosis. In general, you should try to avoid situations which make your symptoms worse (things like pollen and dust mites), and it would be best to avoid smoking.Before starting to use this medicine you should let your doctor know if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, discuss the risks and benefits with your healthcare team. If you use this medicine for a long time, your doctor may want to carry out certain medical tests during the duration of treatment to check your progress.
Aten 25 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called beta-blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), angina (heart-related chest pain), irregular heart rhythms (arrhythmia). It also helps to prevent future heart attacks and stroke and to prevent migraine.Aten 25 Tablet is also used to relieve the symptoms caused by an overactive thyroid gland. It may be prescribed alone or together with other medications. The dose and frequency depend on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. It may be taken empty stomach or with a meal, but take it regularly at the same time each day to get the most benefit. It may take several weeks before you get the full benefit of this medicine and you may need to take it for the rest of your life. However, it is important to continue taking it even if you feel well. Most people with high blood pressure do not feel ill and if you stop taking it, your condition may worsen.The main side effects of this medicine are fatigue, slow heart rate,  feeling dizzy, diarrhea, and nausea. These are usually mild and short-lived. It may also cause shortness of breath or low blood pressure in some people. To reduce the risk of side effects your doctor will probably start the medicine at a low dose and gradually increase it. Consult your doctor if the side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver problems. It may also not be suitable for people who have a slow heart rate, severe circulation problems, severe heart failure, or low blood pressure. Pregnant or breastfeeding mothers should also consult their doctor before taking it. You must talk to your doctor to find out whether this medicine is suitable for you to use. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly. Avoid drinking alcohol as it may increase certain side effects.
Aziderm 20% Cream is a topical medication used in the treatment of acne (pimples). It effectively relieves symptoms such as lumps, redness and swelling associated with different forms of acne by killing the acne causing bacteria.Aziderm 20% Cream is for external use only. You should always use it exactly as your doctor has told you. The affected area should be clean and dry before application. You must wash your hands thoroughly before and after applying this medicine. This medicine should be used regularly to get the most benefit from it. Do not use more than you need as it will not clear your condition faster and some side effects may be increased. If your condition goes on for longer than four weeks or gets worse at any time, let your doctor know. You can help this medicine work better by keeping the affected areas clean.Aziderm 20% Cream has a few potential side effects but not everyone will get them. These may include application site reactions like burning, irritation, itching, and redness. Serious allergic reaction to this drug is rare but let your doctor know if you’re bothered by side effects or they do not go away. Make sure you read the instructions that come with your medicine. Avoid contact with eyes. In case of accidental contact, you should rinse eyes thoroughly with water.If you are pregnant, breastfeeding, or plan to become pregnant, you should consult your doctor before using this medicine as it may cause side effects that could be harmful to the developing baby.
Amixide-H Tablet is a combination of two medicines. It is used in the treatment of depression associated with anxiety. It helps in regulating mood and to reduce anxiety.Amixide-H Tablet is taken with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at a fixed time each day to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the blood. In case you miss a dose of this medicine, take it as soon as you remember. Never skip any dose and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to the doctor as it may worsen your symptoms. Taking this medicine for a long time may require regular monitoring of blood and liver functions.Some common side effects of this medicine include constipation, difficulty in urination, weight gain, confusion, orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing). This medicine may cause weight loss. In case of losing weight, consult a dietitian for dietary supplements or try to increase your food portion. Most of the common side effects tend to be mild. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing side effects if they bother you or do not go away. Serious side effects are rare. Remember to inform your doctor if you develop any unusual changes in mood as it may lead to suicidal thoughts.Take caution while taking medicine if you are suffering from liver disease. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Aerocort Inhaler is used in the treatment of asthma (wheezing and shortness of breath). It relaxes the muscles of the air passages and makes it easier to breathe.Your doctor will tell you how often you need to use your inhaler. It’s important that you take the lowest dose needed to effectively control your asthma. The effect of this medicine may be noticeable after a few days but will only reach its maximum after a few weeks. This medicine must be used regularly to be effective, so go on taking it even if you don't have any symptoms. That means it’s doing its job. If you stop taking it your asthma may get worse. It should not be used to relieve sudden asthma attacks. If an asthma attack occurs, use your quick-relief inhaler (reliever). To get the benefit from this medicine you need to make sure you get your inhaler technique right, otherwise, it does not work as well.The most common side effects are hoarseness of voice, sore throat, fungal infection of mouth, respiratory tract infection, headache, and muscle cramp. If you get these, don’t stop taking it but do talk to your doctor. You can help prevent some of these symptoms by rinsing your mouth and throat with water or brushing your teeth after using your inhaler. There are other, rarer side effects which can be serious. Talk to your doctor if you're worried about them. In general, you should be trying to avoid situations that make your asthma worse (your triggers) and try not to smoke.Ask your doctor whether it’s safe to take this medicine if you're pregnant or breastfeeding. Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Aziderm 10% Cream is a topical medication used in the treatment of acne (pimples). It effectively relieves symptoms such as lumps, redness and swelling associated with different forms of acne by killing the acne causing bacteria.Aziderm 10% Cream is for external use only. You should always use it exactly as your doctor has told you. The affected area should be clean and dry before application. You must wash your hands thoroughly before and after applying this medicine. This medicine should be used regularly to get the most benefit from it. Do not use more than you need as it will not clear your condition faster and some side effects may be increased. If your condition goes on for longer than four weeks or gets worse at any time, let your doctor know. You can help this medicine work better by keeping the affected areas clean.Aziderm 10% Cream has a few potential side effects but not everyone will get them. These may include application site reactions like burning, irritation, itching, and redness. Serious allergic reaction to this drug is rare but let your doctor know if you’re bothered by side effects or they do not go away. Make sure you read the instructions that come with your medicine. Avoid contact with eyes. In case of accidental contact, you should rinse eyes thoroughly with water.If you are pregnant, breastfeeding, or plan to become pregnant, you should consult your doctor before using this medicine as it may cause side effects that could be harmful to the developing baby.
Azicip 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azicip 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Ampilox Capsule is a combination medicine that is used to treat various types of bacterial infections. It fights against the microorganisms to prevent their growth and further spread of the infection.Ampilox Capsule is a prescription medicine. It is advised to take it as per the prescription. It can be taken with or without food, but it must be taken at a fixed time to ensure better efficacy. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. The course of the treatment must be completed even if you feel better. Sudden discontinuation of the treatment may affect the potency of the medicine.Some common side effects of this medicine are nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, indigestion, etc. If any of the side effects get aggravated, you must consult your doctor immediately. If you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.), you must seek immediate medical help.Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for any health condition. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult with their doctor before taking it. Avoid drinking alcohol as it can cause excessive drowsiness with this medicine. It usually does not impair your ability to drive, but you should not drive if it makes you feel sleepy or dizzy. You must take adequate rest for a faster recovery, also take a healthy diet and drink plenty of water. Your doctor may ask for a few laboratory and diagnostic tests to know the effects of the medicine on your body.
Acuvin Tablet is a pain relieving medicine. It is used in various conditions such as muscle ache, back pain, joint pain, menstrual cramps, and toothache.Acuvin Tablet can be taken with or without food. The dose and duration will depend on what you are taking it for and how well it helps your symptoms. You should keep taking the medicine even if you feel better until the doctor says it is alright to stop using it.Using this medicine may cause few common side effects such as nausea, vomiting, constipation, weakness, and dryness in mouth. If you experience any such side effects that do not go away or get worse, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing the symptoms. In general, you should try to use the smallest amount necessary to control your symptoms.Before using the medicine, you should tell your doctor if you have any other medical conditions or disorders. It may also affect, or be affected by, some other medicines you are using so let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. It should be used with caution in patients who are alcoholic or have liver or kidney disease. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should consult their doctors first before using the medicine.
Asthalin 4 Tablet is used to relieve symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) such as coughing, wheezing and breathlessness. It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.You can take Asthalin 4 Tablet with or without food. The dose will depend on your condition and how your respond to the medicine. Try to take it at the same time each day. It is important to keep taking this medicine until your doctor tells you not to. Use this medicine regularly to get the most benefit from it even if you feel well.Asthalin 4 Tablet is generally safe and effective but some common side effects include tremor, headache. fast heart rate, and muscle cramps. These side effects are not often dangerous and they should gradually improve as your body gets used to this medicine. There are other, rarer, side effects and you should call your doctor straight away if you get chest pain, a very bad headache or very bad dizziness.Before using Asthalin 4 Tabletl, you should tell your doctor if you have high blood pressure, an overactive thyroid gland, a history of heart problems, diabetes or low levels of potassium in your blood to make sure it is safe. Also, make sure your doctor knows if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before taking this medicine. This medicine can make you feel dizzy or shaky so avoid driving, cycling or using tools or machinery until you feel better. You should not smoke as it causes damage to your lungs and will make your condition worse.
Alkacip Syrup is a medicine used in the treatment of gout and kidney stones. It stops the production of uric acid in the body and reduces the episodes of gout attack and prevent kidney stones.Alkacip Syrup can be taken with or without food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. Take it regularly and do not stop taking the medicine even if you get better until that doctor tell you it is alright to stop.The most common side effect of this medicine is stomach pain. It may also cause diarrhea, excessive production of urine, tiredness, etc. If any of these side effects does not resolve with time or get worsen, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help with ways to reduce or prevent these symptoms by reducing the dose or prescribing an alternative medicine.To make sure the medicine is safe for you, before taking this medicine, let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. Also tell your doctor if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, or liver. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, consult your doctor first before taking this medicine.
Amaryl 2mg Tablet is a medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It belongs to a group of medicines called sulfonylureas and helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes. This helps to prevent serious complications of diabetes like kidney damage and blindness.Amaryl 2mg Tablet may be used alone or along with other medicines. It should be taken just before or with the first meal of the day. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the maximum benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems, and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effects of taking this medicine include low blood sugar levels (hypoglycemia), nausea, headache, and dizziness. Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood sugar levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking, and know how to deal with them. To prevent this, it is important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and hence should be avoided. Some people may experience an increase in weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease, thyroid disease, or some hormonal conditions, as it may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
Aprezo Tablet is used in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis which is a type of skin condition. This medicine is used when other conventional treatments cannot be used or if the patient is not responsive or intolerant to any of these treatments. Aprezo Tablet can be taken with or without food. Take it regularly and do not stop taking the medicine even if you get better until that doctor tells you it is alright to stop. You may need to monitor your weight regularly while taking the medicine as it may cause weight loss.Using this medicine may cause few common side effects such as nausea, diarrhea, and vomiting. If these side effects persist or get worse, let your doctor know. Your doctor may help with ways to reduce or prevent these symptoms by prescribing you an alternative medicine or by adjusting the dose.To make sure the medicine is safe for you, before taking this medicine, let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, consult your doctor first before taking this medicine.
Aclind BP 2.5% Gel is a combination of medicines that are used to treat acne. It kills the bacteria which cause acne. It also reduces oil production and replenishes the skin.Aclind BP 2.5% Gel should be used in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. It is for external use only. Wash your hands before using this medicine. Apply only on the affected areas of the skin. It is advised to check the label for directions before use. The most common side effects include skin peeling, redness, dry skin and burning and sensation at the application site.If this side effect persist for a longer duration, inform your doctor. In case by accident, this medicine goes into your eyes, ears, nose or mouth, immediately rinse it with water. Inform your doctor if you notice darkening or discoloration, or severe burning sensation at the treated skin.Inform your doctor if you have known allergies from this medicine. If you are pregnant or suffering from any other condition, please inform your doctor. This medicine is safe to use in breastfeeding mothers.
Acnesol 1% solution is an antibiotic that fights bacteria. It is used to treat acne, which appears as spots or pimples on your face, chest or back. This medicine works by attacking the bacteria that cause these pimples.Acnesol 1% solution is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of the medicine. It should not be applied to broken or damaged skin. Avoid any contact with your eyes, nose, or mouth. Rinse it off with water if you accidentally get it in these areas. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. Do not stop using it as soon as your acne starts to get better. Ask your doctor when you should stop treatment.Common side effects like minor itching, burning, or redness of the skin and oily skin may be seen in some people. These are usually temporary and resolve on their own. Consult your doctor if they bother you or do not go away.It is a safe medicine, but you should inform your doctor if you have any problems with your bowels (intestines). Also, inform the doctor if you have ever had bloody diarrhea caused by taking antibiotics or if you are using any other medicines to treat skin conditions. Consult your doctor about using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Aquazide 12.5 Tablet is a diuretic (water pill) medicine used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). This medicine reduces excess fluid levels in the body and treats edema (fluid overload) associated with heart, liver, kidney, or lung disease.Aquazide 12.5 Tablet makes you lose excess water through urine. It may be used alone or in combination with other medicines. This medicine should be taken only during day time to avoid frequent urination at night. You must take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by the doctor and never stop it abruptly without consulting the doctor. Most people with high blood pressure do not feel ill, but if you stop taking this medicine, your condition could get worse. This may lead to your blood pressure rising up again and increase your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your blood pressure checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of a treatment program which should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to reduce your salt intake.Common side effects of this medicine include headache, nausea, and dizziness. Consult your doctor if these side effects bother you. Before taking this medicine, its better to let your doctor know if you are suffering from any kidney or liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should consult doctor before taking it. You must inform doctor about all the other medicines that you are taking apart from this medicine. Regular monitoring of kidney function and electrolytes is important while using this medicine.
Amortive Cream is an antifungal medication. It is used for treating fungal infections of the affected area. It kills the fungi and helps in treating the infection.Amortive Cream should be used in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Some of the common side effects include blisters on the skin, nail disorders like nail damage and discoloration, skin irritation, rash, or redness on the site of application. Please consult your doctor if these side effects persist for a longer duration.Make sure you wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. Avoid direct contact of the cream or ointment with your eyes. In case of direct contact, wash your eyes with water and seek immediate medical attention.
Aldactone 50 Tablet is a medicine known as a diuretic (water pill). It is mainly used in the treatment of heart failure and high blood pressure. It reduces the swelling (edema) caused by some other conditions. This medicine is also used to treat low potassium levels in the body (hypokalemia).Aldactone 50 Tablet should be taken with food at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Taking it early in the day can help prevent you from having to get up at night to go to the toilet frequently, You should keep using this medicine as it has been prescribed, even if you feel well. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Follow your doctor's advice about the type and amount of liquids you should drink. If you are being treated for high blood pressure, lifestyle changes such as exercising regularly, and making changes to your diet like a low-salt diet may increase the effectiveness of this medicine.The common side effects include nausea, vomiting, dizziness and swelling, or tenderness of your breasts (men and women). If these bother you, or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Drinking alcohol can increase certain side effects and should be avoided.You should be careful about using Aldactone 50 Tablet if you have kidney problems or are unable to urinate. Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have ever had kidney, liver or heart disease or are pregnant. Also let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are using as they may affect, or be affected by this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before taking this medicine. While using this medicine, you may be advised to limit your intake of salt or salt substitutes, and you should have your blood pressure checked frequently. Some other tests like kidney function (e.g., creatinine) and potassium levels will be done to monitor your progress.
Ambrolite D Plus Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Ambrolite D Plus Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Ambrolite Syrup is used for treating various respiratory tract disorders associated with excessive mucus. It works by thinning and loosens mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs and make it easier to cough out.Ambrolite Syrup should be taken with food. For better results, it is suggested to take it at the same time every day.  The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  It is advised not to use it for more than 14 days without doctor consultation.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and stomach upset. Talk to your doctor if you are worried about side effects or they would not go away. Generally, it is advised not to take alcohol while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have liver or kidney disease or if you have stomach problems. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. You must take doctor's advice before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Amodep AT Tablet is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). This is a combination of two medicines that controls blood pressure when a single medication is not effective. It helps to lower high blood pressure and thus reduces the chances of future heart attack and stroke.You can take Amodep AT Tablet at any time of day, on empty stomach, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. Keep taking it for as long as advised by your doctor. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping active with regular exercise, reducing your weight and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.It may cause side effects like headache, ankle swelling, slow heart rate, and nausea. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. This might raise the level of potassium in the blood, hence avoid potassium rich food or supplements. You may be asked for regular monitoring of blood pressure, kidney function, and electrolytes level while on the treatment.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions.
Alkacitral Liquid is a medicine used in the treatment of gout and kidney stones. It stops the production of uric acid in the body and reduces the episodes of gout attack and prevent kidney stones.Alkacitral Liquid can be taken with or without food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. Take it regularly and do not stop taking the medicine even if you get better until that doctor tell you it is alright to stop.The most common side effect of this medicine is stomach pain. It may also cause diarrhea, excessive production of urine, tiredness, etc. If any of these side effects does not resolve with time or get worsen, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may help with ways to reduce or prevent these symptoms by reducing the dose or prescribing an alternative medicine.To make sure the medicine is safe for you, before taking this medicine, let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. Also tell your doctor if you have any problems with your heart, kidneys, or liver. If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, consult your doctor first before taking this medicine.
Alex Cough Lozenges Lemon Ginger is an antitussive medicine. It is used for the treatment of dry cough. Alex Cough Lozenges Lemon Ginger can be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time to get the most benefit. It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms. Remember dosage is decided on the basis of type of medicine (syrup or lozenge), age and present medical condition of the person. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. You must inform your doctor if symptoms does not get improved within 7 days of the treatment.The most common side effects of this medicine include sleepiness, dizziness, confusion, and nausea..  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Generally, it is advised to drink plenty of fluids while on treatment with this medicine. To overcome dizziness, avoid driving or attention-seeking activities.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works.
Amantrel Capsule is used alone, or with other medicines to treat Parkinson’s disease. It can also be used to treat movement side effects caused by certain drugs (drug-induced movement disorder). Amantrel Capsule may be taken with or without food. However, take it at the same time each day as this helps to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the body. Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor.If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember it. You should finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to your doctor. This medicine may put you at a higher risk of having seizures, so it is better to talk to your doctor if you have any history of seizures or taking medication for it.Some common side effects of Amantrel Capsule include nausea, dryness in the mouth, constipation, blurred vision, insomnia (difficulty sleeping), hallucinations, peripheral edema and balance disorder (loss of balance). It may initially cause dizziness and lowering of blood pressure while standing, so rise slowly and do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you.
Asthakind Expectorant Sugar Free is used in the treatment of cough with mucus. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Asthakind Expectorant Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, diarrhea, bloating, indigestion, vomiting, stomach pain, sweating, headache, skin rash, tremor, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Azee 250 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azee 250 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Add Tears Lubricant Eye Drop is an eye lubricant or artificial tears used to relieve dry eyes. This can happen because not enough tears are made to keep the eye lubricated. It helps to soothe the irritation and burning seen in dry eyes by maintaining proper lubrication of the eyes.Add Tears Lubricant Eye Drop is usually taken when needed. Use the number of drops as advised by your doctor. Wait for at least 5-10 minutes before delivering any other medication in the same eye to avoid dilution. Do not use a bottle if the seal is broken before you open it. Always wash your hands and do not touch the end of the dropper. This could infect your eye. This medicine may require long-term use and can be taken safely for as long as you need it.The most common side effects of using this medicine are blurred or altered vision, redness or irritation and sometimes pain in the eye. Let your doctor know if you experience these symptoms but they are usually temporary. Do not drive, use machinery, or do any activity that requires clear vision until you are sure you can do it safely. Consult your doctor if your condition does not improve or if the side effects bother you.This medicine is not likely to affect or be affected by other medicines you use but tell your doctor if you have ever had glaucoma. Do not use it while wearing soft contact lenses and talk to your doctor if you develop an eye infection while using it.
Ageless Tablet is a prescription medicine. It has a combination of vitamins that is prescribed to treat vitamin and other nutritional deficiencies. It ensures the proper growth and functioning of the body.Ageless Tablet may be taken with or without food. It should be used in the dose and duration as prescribed by your doctor. It is advised to take this medicine at a fixed time.This medicine should not be taken more than the recommended dose. It is usually a safe medicine with very minimal or no side effects. However, if you experience severe diarrhea, vomiting, or constipation, you should consult your doctor without delay.Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have any other health conditions. Inform your doctor if you are taking any other medicines or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. It is advised not to take alcohol after taking this medicine.
Amrolstar Cream is an antifungal medication. It is used for treating fungal infections of the affected area. It kills the fungi and helps in treating the infection.Amrolstar Cream should be used in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Some of the common side effects include blisters on the skin, nail disorders like nail damage and discoloration, skin irritation, rash, or redness on the site of application. Please consult your doctor if these side effects persist for a longer duration.Make sure you wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. Avoid direct contact of the cream or ointment with your eyes. In case of direct contact, wash your eyes with water and seek immediate medical attention.
Azulix 2 MF Tablet PR belongs to a category of medicines known as anti-diabetic drugs. It is a combination of two medicines used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes.Azulix 2 MF Tablet PR should be taken with food. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to how it is working according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effect of Azulix 2 MF Tablet PR is low blood glucose levels (hypoglycemia). Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood glucose levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking and know how to deal with it. To prevent this, it's important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and should be avoided. Other side effects that may be seen on taking this medicine include taste changes, nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, headache and upper respiratory tract infection. Some people may find that they put on weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, if you have diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease. It may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
Acenac-MR Tablet is a combination medicine which helps in relieving muscular pain. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain, inflammation, and fever. This improves the movement of muscles and provides relief from pain and discomfort.Acenac-MR Tablet should be taken with food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. The dose and duration will depend on the severity of your condition. You should keep taking the medicine even if you feel better until the doctor says it is alright to stop using it.Using of this medicine may cause few common side effects such as nausea, vomiting, heartburn, stomach pain, diarrhea, loss of appetite, and dryness in mouth. If any of these side effects do not resolve with time or get worse, you should let your doctor know. Your doctor may be able to suggest ways of preventing or reducing the side effects. In general, you should try to use the smallest amount necessary to control your symptoms.Before using the medicine, you should tell your doctor if you have any other medical conditions or disorders. To make sure it is safe, you should let your doctor know all the other medicines you are taking. Also, tell your doctor if you have any problems with liver or kidneys. You should avoid the consumption of alcohol while on treatment with this medicine. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should consult their doctors first before using the medicine.
Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Acnesol A Nano Gel is a combination of two medicines that effectively treats acne. It minimizes oil production and helps to reduce inflammation. It also kills acne-causing microorganisms and prevents infection. This helps to prevent pimples, blackheads, and whiteheads on the skin.Acnesol A Nano Gel is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor.  You should normally wash and dry the affected area before applying a thin layer of the medicine. It should not be applied to broken or damaged skin. Avoid any contact with your eyes, nose or mouth. Rinse it off with water if you accidentally get it in these areas. It may take several weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. Do not stop using it as soon as your acne starts to get better. Ask your doctor when you should stop treatment.Side effects like minor itching, burning, or redness of the skin and oily skin may be seen in some people. These are usually temporary and resolve on their own. Consult your doctor if they bother you or do not go away. Inform your doctor if you have any problems with your bowels (intestines), or if you are using any other medicines to treat skin conditions. Consult your doctor about using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Ascoril D 12 Oral Suspension Orange is an antitussive medicine. It is used for the treatment of dry cough. Ascoril D 12 Oral Suspension Orange can be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time to get the most benefit. It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms. Remember dosage is decided on the basis of type of medicine (syrup or lozenge), age and present medical condition of the person. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. You must inform your doctor if symptoms does not get improved within 7 days of the treatment.The most common side effects of this medicine include sleepiness, dizziness, confusion, and nausea..  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. Generally, it is advised to drink plenty of fluids while on treatment with this medicine. To overcome dizziness, avoid driving or attention-seeking activities.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works.
Actapro Tablet is used in the treatment of indigestion. It also helps to relieve bloating after meals, pain in the upper abdomen and early satiety (feeling full after having a small amount of food).Actapro Tablet is taken before meals in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are headache and diarrhea. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. Lifestyle modifications like reducing smoking, increasing exercise and a healthy diet will help you to get better results.Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking this medicine. Before taking this medicine, you should let your doctor know if you have liver and kidney problems.
Atorva Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It is used to lower cholesterol and to reduce the risk of heart disease. Cholesterol is a fatty substance that builds up in your blood vessels and causes narrowing, which may lead to a heart attack or stroke.Atorva Tablet is a widely prescribed medicine and is regarded as safe for long-term use when taken as per doctor's advice. It can be taken with a meal or on an empty stomach. You can take it at any time of the day but try to take it at the same time each day. Most people with high cholesterol do not feel ill, but stopping your medicine may increase your cholesterol levels, making your condition worse and increasing your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your cholesterol levels checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of the treatment program which should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to avoid foods that are high in fat. Common side effects of this medicine include constipation, flatulence, dyspepsia, and abdominal pain. These are usually mild and disappear after a short time. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you notice any yellowing of your eyes or get repeated or unexplained muscle pains. This medicine should not be used in some conditions such as liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should not take this medicine as it may harm the developing baby. Diabetic patients should monitor their blood sugar levels while taking this medicine, as it may lead to an increase in blood sugar levels. Your doctor may check your liver function before starting the treatment and monitor it regularly thereafter.
Augmentin 1000 Duo Tablet is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Augmentin 1000 Duo Tablet is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Atarax Drops is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms of skin allergy like itching, swelling, and rashes. It is also used to treat anxiety and helps to get relaxed before or after surgery.Atarax Drops should be taken with or without food, but take it at the same time every day to get the most benefit.  It should be taken as your doctor's advice. The dose and how often you take it depends on what you are taking it for. Your doctor will decide how much you need to improve your symptoms.  You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. In case, you have missed any doses than it is better to take the next dose as soon as you remember it. However, you should never take a double dose.The most common side effects of this medicine include sedation, nausea, vomiting, stomach upset and constipation.  If these bother you or appear serious, let your doctor know. There may be ways of reducing or preventing them. You must avoid driving or attention-seeking activity while on treatment.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have heart problems or have high blood pressure, have liver or kidney problems. Inform your doctor if you are pregnant, or breastfeeding. Your doctor should also know about all other medicines you are taking as many of these may make this medicine less effective or change the way it works. Generally, it is advised to avoid alcohol while on treatment. 
Angiplat 2.5 Capsule TR is used to treat and prevent heart-related chest pain (angina). Angina occurs when the heart muscle is not getting enough blood. This medicine works by relaxing and widening blood vessels so blood can flow more easily to the heart.Angiplat 2.5 Capsule TR should be taken in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. It may be taken with or without food, preferably at a fixed time each day. Do not consume more than the recommended dose, as this may have harmful effects on your body. You can develop tolerance to this medicine over time, which means that the same dose becomes less effective. You have to stick to a really specific dosing schedule to prevent this from happening.The most common side effect of this medicine is headache which may be severe. This can sometimes be helped by drinking plenty of fluids and avoiding alcohol. You may also experience lightheadedness, which could increase your risk of having a fall. There are other, rarer side effects, some of them serious. Ask your doctor and read the leaflet which comes with the medicine to make sure you are keeping safe.Do not use Angiplat 2.5 Capsule TR if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure in your lungs (pulmonary hypertension), erectile dysfunction or if you have anemia or glaucoma (increased pressure inside the eye). Always tell your doctor what other health conditions you have and what other medicines you are taking. It is best not to drink alcohol with this medicine as it increases some of the side effects. If you are affected by dizziness, avoid driving. If you are pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or breastfeeding, ask your doctor before taking this medicine.
Alerfix Total Tablet SR is a combination medicine used in the prevention of asthma. It relieves allergy symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness. It also helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breathe.Alerfix Total Tablet SR is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, Stomach upset, dryness in mouth, flu-like symptoms, fatigue, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you. You should also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Acivir 800 DT Tablet is an antiviral medicine. It helps in treating viral infections like herpes labialis, herpes simplex, shingles, genital herpes infection, and chickenpox. It prevents the multiplication of virus in human cells and therefore helps in clearing the infection.Acivir 800 DT Tablet should be taken in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. It may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. However, if it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule. Do not double the dose. You should drink plenty of water while on treatment with this medicine as it helps to prevent dehydration and kidney damage.Some side effects of this medicine include headache, dizziness, vomiting, nausea, fatigue, and fever. Inform your doctor if these side effects do not resolve or persist for a longer duration. Please consult your doctor if you are pregnant, planning to conceive or breastfeeding.
Alcros 200 Capsule belongs to a group of medicines called antifungals. It works by stopping the growth of fungus and is used to treat infections of the mouth, throat, vagina and other parts of the body including fingernails and toenails. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane.Alcros 200 Capsule should be taken in the dose and duration as prescribed by your doctor. It should be swallowed whole and can be taken with food. To get the most benefit, take this medicine at evenly spaced times and continue using it until your prescription is finished, even if your symptoms disappear after a few days. If you stop the treatment too early, the infection may return and if you miss doses you can increase your risk of infections that are resistant to further treatment. Tell your doctor if the infection does not get better or if it gets worse.The most common side effects of this medicine include nausea, common cold, cough, blurred vision, and a problem with menstrual periods. You could ask your doctor about ways of preventing or reducing these effects. Get emergency medical help if you have signs of an allergic reaction like severe skin rash, tingling, difficulty breathing, swelling of your face, lips, tongue, or throat. Do not take it if you are pregnant or could become pregnant unless your doctor has told you to. Talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if you have ever had heart failure, a weak immune system (including HIV/AIDS), kidney problems, or liver problems such as yellow skin (jaundice). This medicine may not be suitable for you. If your course of treatment is for more than a month, your doctor may want to check your liver by testing your blood. This medicine may make you dizzy or cause blurred vision so do not drive or operate machines until it is safe.
Atorlip 10 Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It is used to lower cholesterol and to reduce the risk of heart disease. Cholesterol is a fatty substance that builds up in your blood vessels and causes narrowing, which may lead to a heart attack or stroke.Atorlip 10 Tablet is a widely prescribed medicine and is regarded as safe for long-term use when taken as per doctor's advice. It can be taken with a meal or on an empty stomach. You can take it at any time of the day but try to take it at the same time each day. Most people with high cholesterol do not feel ill, but stopping your medicine may increase your cholesterol levels, making your condition worse and increasing your risk of heart disease and stroke.It is important to have your cholesterol levels checked regularly. This medicine is only one part of the treatment program which should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, smoking cessation, moderation of alcohol intake and weight reduction. You can eat normally while taking this medicine, but try to avoid foods that are high in fat. Common side effects of this medicine include constipation, flatulence, dyspepsia, and abdominal pain. These are usually mild and disappear after a short time. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you notice any yellowing of your eyes or get repeated or unexplained muscle pains. This medicine should not be used in some conditions such as liver disease. Also, pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should not take this medicine as it may harm the developing baby. Diabetic patients should monitor their blood sugar levels while taking this medicine, as it may lead to an increase in blood sugar levels. Your doctor may check your liver function before starting the treatment and monitor it regularly thereafter.
Alex Syrup Sugar Free is a combination medicine used in the treatment of dry cough. It relieves allergic symptoms such as sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, and throat irritation. It also provides relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose.Alex Syrup Sugar Free is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
Acnelak-CLZ Cream is a combination medicine that is used to treats acne. It minimizes excessive oil production, thus reduces inflammation. It also prevents the growth of the microorganisms that cause acne. This also helps to reduce scar marks that may occur due to acne.Acnelak-CLZ Cream is only meant for external use and should be used as advised by your doctor. A thin layer of the medicine should be applied only to the affected areas of the skin with clean and dry hands. Wash your hands before and after applying the medicine. If it gets into your eyes, nose, mouth, or vagina rinse with water. It may take several days to weeks for your symptoms to improve, but you should keep using this medicine regularly. The course of the treatment should be completed to ensure better efficacy of the medicine. If your condition does not improve or gets worse, you should talk to your doctor.This is usually a safe medicine, however, it may cause dryness, peeling, redness, and burning sensation at the application site. These side effects are usually mild and self-limiting. Most of these side effects can be prevented by using a skin moisturizer and drinking plenty of water. Serious side effects are rare. You must consult the doctor if you experience any allergic reaction (rashes, itching, swelling, shortness of breath, etc.).Before using this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines for the same disease or other diseases. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should use this medicine with proper consultation and caution. If you are a known allergic to the medicine, you must refrain from using this medicine and consult your doctor. During the course of the treatment, do not touch, prick or scratch the infected skin areas as this may worsen or spread the acne. Avoid unnecessary sun exposure and use a sunscreen before stepping out in the sun. It is also advised, not to receive any cosmetic procedures without asking your doctor.
Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is a penicillin-type of antibiotic that helps your body fight infections caused by bacteria. It is used to treat infections of the lungs (e.g., pneumonia), ear, nasal sinus, urinary tract, skin and soft tissue. It will not work for viral infections such as the common cold.Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it. The dose will depend on what you are being treated for, but you should always complete a full course of this antibiotic as prescribed by your doctor. Do not stop taking it until you have finished, even when you feel better. If you stop taking it early, some bacteria may survive and the infection may come back or worsen.The most common side effects of this medicine include vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. These are usually mild but let your doctor know if they bother you or will not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you are allergic to any antibiotics or have any kidney or liver problems. You should also let your healthcare team know about all other medicines you are taking as they may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is generally regarded as safe to use during pregnancy and breastfeeding if prescribed by a doctor.
Admenta 5 Tablet is a medicine used in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It helps to slow down the progression of moderate to severe Alzheimer's by improving memory and thinking. This medicine works by blocking a chemical messenger involved in the transmission of nerve signals.Admenta 5 Tablet is taken by mouth with or without food. However, it is advised to take it at the same time each day to maintain a consistent level of medicine in the blood. If you have missed a dose, take it as soon as you remember. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. It is important that this medication is not stopped suddenly without talking to your doctor. Remember to inform the doctor if you have a history of seizures, kidney disease, heart disease, or liver disease.Some common side effects of this medicine include headache, confusion, sleepiness, abnormal liver function tests, balance disorder and shortness of breath. It may also cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. This medicine may cause diarrhea, so drink plenty of fluids to keep yourself hydrated.
Azithral XL 200 Liquid is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azithral XL 200 Liquid is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Aceclo Tablet is a pain relieving medicine. It alleviates pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and osteoarthritis.Aceclo Tablet should be taken in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. It should be taken with food or milk to prevent stomach upset. Taking the medicine regularly at the right times increases its effectiveness. It is important to keep taking the medicine regularly until your doctor tells you it is safe to stop.Vomiting, stomach pain, nausea, and indigestion are some of the common side effects that might be observed on taking this medicine. It may also cause dizziness, drowsiness, or visual disturbances. Your doctor may regularly monitor your kidney function, liver function, and levels of blood components if you are taking this medicine for long-term treatment. Long-term use may lead to serious complications such as stomach bleeding and kidney problems. Aceclo Tablet is not recommended if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Abhayrab Vaccine is given to people who are at higher risk of coming in contact with rabies like veterinarians. It is also given to people after an animal bite if the animal could have rabies. If the vaccine is given immediately and appropriately, it is 100 percent effective.Abhayrab Vaccine is given by injection by a doctor or nurse. It is administered post thorough washing (for about 15 minutes, with soap and copious amounts of water) of all bite wounds as early as possible. The sooner treatment is begun after exposure, the better. Post-exposure anti rabies vaccination should always include administration of both Immunoglobulin and vaccine, with the exception of persons who have previously received complete vaccination regimens. It is very very important to complete the course of the vaccine to prevent this fatal disease.The most common side effects include pain, joint pain, Injection site redness, and swelling. They do not normally last very long. Sitting or lying down can sometimes help. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you.Before having the injection, you should tell your doctor if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a vaccine. Some other medicines may react with the rabies vaccine so talk to your doctor about other medications you are taking as well. You should consult your doctor first if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Avil NU 10mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called antihistamines. It is used to treat various allergic conditions such as hay fever, conjunctivitis and some skin reactions, and reactions to bites and stings. It relieves watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, and itching.Avil NU 10mg Tablet can be taken with or without food. The dose required for you may vary depending on what you are taking it for. This medicine is usually taken in the evening but follow the advice of your doctor on how to take it. You may need this medicine only on days you have symptoms, but if you are taking it to prevent symptoms you should take it regularly. If you miss doses or stop taking it earlier than advised, your symptoms may come back.This medicine is generally very safe. The most common side effects include feeling sleepy or dizzy. These are usually mild and go away after a couple of days as your body adjusts. Consult your doctor if any of the side effects persist or worry you. You should avoid alcohol while taking this medicine.Before taking it, tell your doctor if you have any kidney problems or epilepsy. Your dose may need to be modified or this medicine may not be suitable. Some other medicines can interact with this medicine so let your healthcare team know what else you are taking. You should also talk to your doctor before using this medicine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, although it is not thought to be harmful.
Amlovas-AT Tablet is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). This is a combination of two medicines that controls blood pressure when a single medication is not effective. It helps to lower high blood pressure and thus reduces the chances of future heart attack and stroke.You can take Amlovas-AT Tablet at any time of day, on empty stomach, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. Keep taking it for as long as advised by your doctor. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping active with regular exercise, reducing your weight and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.It may cause side effects like headache, ankle swelling, slow heart rate, and nausea. It may also cause dizziness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. This might raise the level of potassium in the blood, hence avoid potassium rich food or supplements. You may be asked for regular monitoring of blood pressure, kidney function, and electrolytes level while on the treatment.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions.
Amlip 5 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines known as a calcium channel blockers. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and prevent angina (heart-related chest pain). It lowers blood pressure and reduces the workload of the heart which helps in preventing heart attacks and strokes.Amlip 5 Tablet may be prescribed alone or along with other medicines. The dose depends on what you are taking it for and the severity of your condition. You can take it at any time of the day, with or without food, but it is best to take it at the same time each day. You should take this medicine for as long as it is prescribed for you. Even if you feel well, do not stop this medicine on your own because high blood pressure often has no symptoms. If you stop taking it, your condition may get worse. Keeping yourself active with regular exercise, reducing your weight, and eating a healthy diet will also help control your blood pressure. Follow your doctor’s advice while taking this medicine.The most common side effects include fatigue, swelling in the feet or ankles, sleepiness, dizziness, flushing, headache, and unusual beating of the heart (palpitations). Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.Before taking it, let your doctor know if you have any liver, heart or kidney problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor for advice before taking this medicine. You also need to tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking, especially those used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions. You should have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure that this medicine is working properly.
Azeflo Nasal Spray is a combination medicine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness.Azeflo Nasal Spray should be used as you have been advised by your doctor. Do not use it more often or for longer than recommended. Normally you should blow your nose gently before using it, keep one nostril closed while applying the medicine into the other and then sniff hard to make sure it reaches deep into the nose. Then repeat for the other nostril. It provides relief very quickly and can last for several hours. If you use this medicine too often or for too long, it may worsen your symptoms rather than improve them.The most common side effects are taste change, nosebleeds, and headaches. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before you start taking this medicine it is important to inform your doctor if you are suffering from liver or kidney disease. You should also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Alupent 10mg Tablet is used to relieve symptoms of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) such as coughing, wheezing and breathlessness. It helps in relaxing the muscles of the air passages, thus widening it and making it easier to breath.You can take Alupent 10mg Tablet with or without food. The dose will depend on your condition and how your respond to the medicine. Try to take it at the same time each day. It is important to keep taking this medicine until your doctor tells you not to. Use this medicine regularly to get the most benefit from it even if you feel well.Alupent 10mg Tablet is generally safe and effective but some common side effects include headache. fast heart rate, tremor, and insomnia. These side effects are not often dangerous and they should gradually improve as your body gets used to this medicine. There are other, rarer, side effects and you should call your doctor straight away if you get chest pain, a very bad headache or very bad dizziness.Before using Alupent 10mg Tabletl, you should tell your doctor if you have high blood pressure, an overactive thyroid gland, a history of heart problems, diabetes or low levels of potassium in your blood to make sure it is safe. Also make sure your doctor knows if you are pregnant or breastfeeding before taking this medicine. Because this medicine can make you feel dizzy or shaky, do not drive, cycle or use tools or machinery until you feel better. You should not smoke as it causes damage to your lungs and will make your condition worse.
Abel 40 Tablet is a medicine used to treat high blood pressure and heart disease. Lowering blood pressure helps to prevent future heart attack and stroke. This medicine is also effective in preserving kidney function in patients with diabetes.Abel 40 Tablet can be prescribed either alone or in combination with other medicines. It may be taken with or without food during the day or at night. However, try to take it at the same time each day to get the most benefit. It is important to continue taking it regularly even if you feel well or if your blood pressure is controlled. Most people with high blood pressure do not feel ill, but if you stop taking this medicine, your condition could get worse. This is a widely used medicine and is considered safe for long-term use.Making some changes in your lifestyle will also help lower your blood pressure. These may include regular exercise, losing weight, smoking cessation, reducing alcohol intake, and reducing the amount of salt in your diet as advised by your doctor. This medicine is tolerated well by most patients and has few side effects. Dizziness, particularly after the first dose, is known to occur in some people. This may be associated with headache. Let your doctor know if these side effects bother you or do not go away. No weight gain has been seen with the regular use of this medicine.Before taking this medicine, let your doctor know if you have any kidney or liver problems. Pregnant or breastfeeding mothers should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your doctor may check your kidney function, blood pressure and potassium levels in your blood at regular intervals while you are taking this medicine.
Alivher Tablet is used to treat erectile dysfunction in men. It increases blood flow to the penis to help men get an erection. It works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis, allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited.Alivher Tablet may be taken on an empty stomach or with a meal. It should be strictly taken as advised by your doctor. You should take it about one hour before you plan to have sex. The amount of time it takes to work varies from person to person, but it normally takes between 30 minutes and one hour. This medicine will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated. However, you should not take this medicine if you do not have erectile dysfunction. It should not be taken more than once a day.The most common side effects of this medicine are flushing (sense of warmth), headache, dizziness, blurred vision, muscle pain, stomach upset, and rash. Talk to your doctor if any of the side effects bother you or do not go away.This medicine is not intended for use by women and men should avoid using any other medicines to treat impotence without talking to a doctor first. It can be dangerous to take it along with medicines called nitrates (often given for chest pain or angina). Do not take this medicine if you have severe heart or liver problems, if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack or if you have low blood pressure. Let your doctor know if you suffer from these or any other health problems before taking it. You should not drive if this medicine makes you feel dizzy. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it increases the chances of side effects.
Aplazar Tablet is a nutritional supplement that is ketone derivatives of different amino acids. Its kidney protective action prevents the progression of any kidney disease. Thus, it delays the risk of undergoing long-term dialysis and reduces the urea level in the blood.Aplazar Tablet taken by mouth with or without food. But, it is important to take it in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. It is better to take it along with a low-protein diet to get the best of the medicine. Ensure that you maintain adequate calorie intake during the therapy. While you are taking this medicine, your doctor may advise for regular monitoring of serum calcium levels.This medicine is usually well tolerated with no common side are effects. However, it is important to take regular doctor's consultation to know the effects and affects of it on your body. Before taking this medicine, it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines for any health conditions. During the treatment, alcohol consumption may be indulged only with doctor's advice.
Afoglip M  500 Tablet ER is a combination of two medicines that control high blood sugar levels in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This helps prevent serious complications of diabetes such as kidney damage and blindness and may reduce your chance of having a heart attack or stroke.Afoglip M  500 Tablet ER can be prescribed alone or together with other diabetes medications. All diabetes medicines work best when used along with a healthy diet and regular exercise. The dose you are given will depend on your condition, blood sugar levels and what other medicines you are taking. Taking it with meals helps to reduce the chances of developing an upset stomach.You should take it regularly, at the same time each day, to get the most benefit and you should not stop unless your doctor recommends it. It is controlling your blood sugar levels and helping to prevent serious complications in the future. It is important to stay on the diet and exercise program recommended by your doctor while taking this medicine. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effects of taking this medicine include diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, upset stomach, headache, and sore throat. Low blood sugar level (hypoglycemia) is a possible side effect if you are also taking other diabetes medicines like insulin or sulfonylurea, so you need to know how to recognize and deal with it.This medicine is not suitable for everyone. Before taking it, you should let your doctor know if you have ever had kidney, liver or heart disease, problems with your pancreas, or if you drink a lot of alcohol. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking this medicine. Some other medicines can affect this one so tell your doctor about all the medicines you are taking to make sure you are safe. You should try to avoid drinking alcohol as it lowers blood glucose. Your doctor will check your kidney function and blood sugar levels before and during treatment.
Azibact 500 Tablet is an antibiotic used to treat various types of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, ear, nose, throat, lungs, skin, and eye in adults and children. It is also effective in typhoid fever and some sexually transmitted diseases like gonorrhea.Azibact 500 Tablet is a broad-spectrum type of antibiotic effective in killing many types of gram-positive bacteria, some types of gram-negative bacteria and other microorganisms. This medicine is taken orally, preferably either one hour before or 2 hours after a meal. It should be used regularly at evenly spaced time intervals as prescribed by your doctor. Do not skip any doses and finish the full course of treatment even if you feel better. Stopping the medicine too early may lead to the return or worsening of the infection.Commonly seen side effects seen with this medicine include vomiting, nausea, stomach pain, and diarrhea. These are usually temporary and subside with the completion of treatment. Consult your doctor if you find these side effects worry you or persist for a longer duration.Inform your doctor if you have any previous history of allergy or heart problems before taking this medicine. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should consult their doctor before using this medicine.
Amaryl MV 2mg Tablet SR belongs to a category of medicines known as anti-diabetic drugs. It is a combination of medicines used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults. It helps control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes.Amaryl MV 2mg Tablet SR should be taken with food. Take it regularly at the same time each day to get the most benefit. Your doctor will decide what dose is best for you and this may change from time to time according to how it is working according to your blood sugar levels.Keep taking this medicine, even if you feel well or your blood sugar levels are controlled. If you stop it without consulting your doctor, your blood sugar levels could rise and put you at risk of kidney damage, blindness, nerve problems and loss of limbs. Remember that it is only part of a treatment program that should also include a healthy diet, regular exercise, and weight reduction as advised by your doctor. Your lifestyle plays a big part in controlling diabetes.The most common side effect of Amaryl MV 2mg Tablet SR is low blood glucose levels (hypoglycemia). Make sure you recognize the signs of having low blood glucose levels, such as sweating, dizziness, headache, and shaking and know how to deal with it. To prevent this, it's important to have regular meals and always carry a fast-acting source of glucose such as sugary food or fruit juice with you. Drinking alcohol can also increase your risk of low blood sugar levels and should be avoided. Other side effects that may be seen on taking this medicine include taste changes, nausea, diarrhea, stomach pain, headache, edema (swelling), blurred vision, bone fracture, and upper respiratory tract infection. Some people may find that they put on weight with this medicine.You should not take it if you have type 1 diabetes mellitus, if you have diabetic ketoacidosis (high levels of acid in your blood), or if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking this medicine, tell your doctor if you have ever had heart disease. It may not be suitable. Pregnant or breastfeeding women should also consult their doctor before taking it. Your blood sugar levels should be checked regularly and your doctor may also advise blood tests to monitor your blood cell counts and liver function.
Ascoril Flu Syrup is a combination medicine used in the treatment of common cold symptoms. It relieves allergy symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness.Ascoril Flu Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your healthcare team know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, and headache. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine may cause dizziness and sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can worsen your sleepiness.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before you start taking this medicine it is important to inform your doctor if you are suffering from liver disease. You should also tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Asthakind-P Drops is used in the treatment of cough. It thins mucus in the nose, windpipe and lungs, making it easier to cough out. It also provides relief from runny nose, sneezing, itching, and watery eyes.Asthakind-P Drops is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine. You should keep taking this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends. If you stop treatment too early your symptoms may come back and your condition may worsen. Let your doctor know about all other medications you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by this medicine.The most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain, upset stomach, headache, rash, palpitations, tremor, and increased heart rate. Most of these are temporary and usually resolve with time. Contact your doctor straight away if you are at all concerned about any of these side effects. This medicine can also cause sleepiness, so do not drive or do anything that requires mental focus until you know how this medicine affects you. Avoid drinking alcohol while taking this medicine as it can make sleepiness worse.Never support self-medication or recommend your medicine to another person. It is beneficial to have plenty of fluids while taking this medication. Before taking this medicine, you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant, planning pregnancy or breastfeeding. You should also tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver diseases so that your doctor can prescribe a suitable dose for you.
